com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.mall_detail_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Properties
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker
com.activate.gcm.GCMIntentService
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.Mall_FragmentOne
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$registerReceiver$1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ModelListActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.FragmentPhoneCover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.SellerWalletActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.CityBankFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentHome
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_Editing_Activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.SelectCompanyMobel
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeBaseActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Mug_MainActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeThumbnailView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Testing_paypal_demo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.CustomImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Alarm_notification.CAlarmReceiver
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Preview_activity
com.larvalabs.svgandroid.SVGParser$Properties
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.EditRegDataActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2
com.google.android.gcm.GCMBaseIntentService
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Testing_multiple_image_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.InstagramFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentOrder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$array
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.MainActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.SmsReceiver
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.MainActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FacebookAlbumPhotoActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FontModel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing_CaseEditActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Dynamic_EditActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Multiple_StickerActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_filter_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_StickerModel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.Api
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.BrushImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.SellerRegistration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.mall_category_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.finished_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.extra.FullScreenMediaController
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.MaskableFrameLayout
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.n
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.aa
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.RegistrationActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.OfferActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.SelectCompany
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Display_address_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Drag_recyclerview.MainActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.w$a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SavedState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentHomeSub
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleCardView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Default_testing_image_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.AlbumImagesActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.frame_Dynamic_EditActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$LayoutParams
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_case_image_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.New_address_save_update_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.User
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.HomeMainActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Main2Activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Custom_CaseEditActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_webview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_transaction_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.FragmentRequestModelBrand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.api.MovieService
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.UserProfileFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.fancy_mobile_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.recycleview.SpaceItemDecoration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.volley.VolleyController
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.PlaceOrderActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CoffeeMugEditActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.ActionDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.PhotoFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cc_avenue_transaction_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmodel_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentAccount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleConstraintLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Default_testing_image_activity_final_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.PhotoPickupImageActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Multiplegallery.Fragments.OneFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.ComplainChatActivity
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.q
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentCart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.MallSearchActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity
com.google.android.gcm.GCMBroadcastReceiver
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_APIService
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Contactus_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.LogInActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$font
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Multiplegallery.OpenGallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Zoom_view_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Mug_images_category_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.OtpFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CaseEditActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.complaints.Complain_ticket_system
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Images_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Shipper_MainActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.EmptyRecyclerView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.MainFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_seller_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.test_frame_editing_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.ForgetpasswordActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.PhilImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_category_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.OnboardingWithCenterAnimationActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Phone_ModelActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.SelectAddressActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.StickerModel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.SvgParseException
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$raw
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FaceActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.StatusActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Mall_wishlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_json
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Multiplegallery.Gallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CropImageActivity1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentMall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FinalScreenActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.OrderDetailActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.mainapplication
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.y
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.MyFirebaseMessagingService
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.newoffers.OffersActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.CoverStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.mobile_cover_college_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.GCMIntentService
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Custom_CaseEditActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.ProgressDialogFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$plurals
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Country_state_city_code_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ExpandIconView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.ApproveOTPFragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.deeplinks.ProductActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$startSmsRetriver$1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Track_web_view_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.paypal_demo_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Feedback_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ScaleCardLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.WebViewActivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getbrand_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_cardUseCompatPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_positiveActionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_variablePadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_delivery_user_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_half
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constrainedWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _123sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_media_play_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ClearableAutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int matrix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_check_no_update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialogbrand_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cursorVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int image_preview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showAnimationBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int east
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_calendar_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_animateCircleAngleTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int iv_share_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontVariationSettings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_dots_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _66ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_shadowXOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelEnable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_edit_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _392sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_download_retry
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_3_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer modelId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _46sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CheckedTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_warmth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorPrimary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_zoom_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_liftOnScrollTargetViewId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus7sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motion_postLayoutCollision
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int loading_native_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String cHECKSUMHASH
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_checking
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_moreoverflow_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerLayout_shimmer_mask_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Animation_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnPrimaryFixedVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_22
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_exitFadeDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _141sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_09
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _169sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.util.List displayImages
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DARKEN
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_mobile_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_textfield_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_df
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int tooltip_bubble_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String displayWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int left_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_cast_stop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_chipSpacingHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask10_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_fragment_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int snackbar_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _326sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_MinWidth_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_unselected_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_singleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_offers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int verify
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Dark_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customDimension
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_restore
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] PagerIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int edit_query
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_cast_group_seekbar_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_yearMax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_guide_show_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.Integer amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_trackColorInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkMarkTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus13sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cd_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int beginning
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_hint_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int LoadingDots_dots_space_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cardview_light_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_dividerInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_forget_password_q
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int clip_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String you_save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonRotateLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_content_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int googleg_disabled_color_18
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _81sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int navigationIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int FinestWebViewTheme_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String countryCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int personal_detail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day_Today
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_main_row_default_image_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int clear_history
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_22_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_headerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialDivider_Heavy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int touchAnchorId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeWithTextHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_viewTransitionOnNegativeCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection_none
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_timepicker_clockface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int region_not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_PulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAutoCompleteTextView_simpleItemSelectedRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constrainedWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_IconButton_Outlined
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Item: java.lang.String title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int isOpaque
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int otp_has_been_send_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int off
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_dragDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_select_state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_topPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_colorIntermediate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spanCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Orchid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CrystalRangeSeekbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionHelper_onShow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double orderTotal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int wrap_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int telltales_velocityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int exitUntilCollapsed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_corner_radius_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layoutDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_top_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_previousState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd17color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_15_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_labelTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Snow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String offer_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int UNDER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view_split
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int LoadingDots_jump_height_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int strokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int path_password_eye
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_reset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_inStepPercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_default_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int tutorial
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_activity_offeractivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_value_index
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textPanY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CheckedTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_BarSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_monthMin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_removeOnDismiss
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.File: java.lang.String type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemPaddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer bind
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_actionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_17
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int offer_arbic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral96
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_fade_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int modal_activity_close_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int link_text_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_TextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWithTextRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int termsofuse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_layoutDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_strokeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_firstVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _121sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_old_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.Integer page
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _70ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_marginRightSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickColorInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_19
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_group_progress_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputFilledDenseStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButtonToggleGroup_selectionRequired
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_file_download_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_6c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int hms_download_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_playback_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_CircularProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_02
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_77
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_unmute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_off_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_strict
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long mParentId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_no_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_constraint_referenced_ids
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_scaleY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_quantizeMotionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_ThreeBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_ota_app_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _159sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mVideoUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearConstraintLayout_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_pickerButtonCancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_product_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TouchImageView_zoom_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int externalRouteEnabledDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notesixpro
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_horizontalOffsetWithText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sharedValueUnset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_horizontalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_paddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _530sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_logout_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int s4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_maxLineWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_business_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_min_frame_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int toolbar_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus19sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$raw: int resume_loading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_display_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int button9_16
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_progress_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _8sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_labelPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_MultiplePulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_7_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialSwitch_trackDecorationTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_textinput_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _240sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialAlertDialog_Material3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rd_btn_price_high_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textureEffect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_menuAlignmentMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int buy_one_get_one_keychain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String modalCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_button_login_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tablerow_bottomborder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selection_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _22ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_route_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int install_google_map
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cardview_shadow_end_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_change
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mug_set_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_track_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int term_of_use
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int list_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mCreatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _475sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.Integer zoneId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int min_start_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _128sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int cast_ic_notification_on
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateSet_defaultState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_date_header_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String oRDERID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalSlidingPanel_overlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_badge_large_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int browser_actions_title_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_row_seller_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_colorMore
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_6e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_indicator_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_57
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_buttonIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String display_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spinnerMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textBackgroundPanY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int forget_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int browser_actions_context_menu_row
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_prepair_loading_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_goneMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_paddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_button_send_round_shadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchview_divider_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.Integer imageType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_paddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral22
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_corner_family
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_timepicker_hour
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_clearsTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int yearTodayStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constrainedHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_maxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_transaction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_46
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] OnClick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Placeholder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewInputTextAppearance_inputTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_drop_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_01_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_media_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int character_counter_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Integer availableStock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int OVERLAY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _443sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int antiClockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String modal_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_buttons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int banner_slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_significantVelocityThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_select_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteStopDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_minScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_TitleMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_cast_group_volume_seekbar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_no_internet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_tooltip_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral22
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int images_n
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view_offset_helper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int outward
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer sellerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_shadowXOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_cast_meta_subtitle_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_dismiss_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int find
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String nCaseThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIndicatorAnimationDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mobile_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_text_input_end_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int color_red
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fab_scale_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_framePosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_bb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _49sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Chartreuse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indicatorDirectionLinear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_refund_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_tshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: java.lang.String ResponseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_album_photos
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_tint_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_TabPageIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _75ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int multiply
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SimpleDialog_di_messageTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.util.List mData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int instagram_client_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult SERVICE_INVALID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RippleDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int startIconCheckable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Toolbar_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int for_women
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int BOTTOM_START
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_motionStagger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_price_low_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_with_text_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mall_seller_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_bottom_pointer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_strokeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int chip_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_formal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textureHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_frag_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_20_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_toolbar_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_87
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String org
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int path_password_strike_through
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSmallStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] WaitingDots
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int auto_cycle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _528sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _564sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.lang.Boolean success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int text_input_error_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_radio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_like_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_wheelType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_assist_chip_elevated_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_removeEmbeddedFabElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int update_success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_rotateDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int circle_transparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_am
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int complain_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String wa_internatinal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_LinearProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fb_native_ad
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkGray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Assist_Elevated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int smallLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_hand_stroke_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_dots_space
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_sriv_right_top_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Subtitle2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bottomAppBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_crop_rationale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String created_at
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String phoneNo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimaryFixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_18
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemHorizontalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int error_a11y_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NarayanBannerAdView_idBanner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_pv_progressMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int address_pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_progressbar_background_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_plusIconColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_third_app_dl_install_failed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_nudge_cart_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Long mId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_bindfaildlg_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int out_of_stock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog_TimePicker_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mobile_cover_college_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SearchView_Prefix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_accessibility_pane_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int material_motion_path
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_rotation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_dots_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String trackingUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _350sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ToolBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int recyclerview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int give_us_a_review_landmine_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer codAvailable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String replay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int decelerateAndComplete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_fab_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_is_cropped
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String webThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivRemove
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_language
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.Integer mall_status_enable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundAsCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int whiteBlur
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumSeaGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_request_written
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_meta_black_scrim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_base_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int motion_base
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_is_delivered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_edit_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_prepaid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_Wave
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_showAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_adjust
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_period_toggle_vertical_gap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_mainlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SubsamplingScaleImageView_panEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int fast_out_slow_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int tint_blue_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _512sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_cart_display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_bottomnub
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_9a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int fragment_fade_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_extended_fab_bg_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _66sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String expiryText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_today_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linear_prepaid_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_saveFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_HeadlineMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_imageRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatEmojiHelper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _25ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_liftable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int RotatingPlane
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_sriv_oval
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_bsd_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_BodyLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButtonToggleGroup_checkedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_preview_image_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _407sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_labelsPosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constrainedHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.Integer is_approve
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Corner_Oval_Orange
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_7f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemTextAppearanceInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTimePicker_keyboardIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_testing_case_image_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _537sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fragment_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int googleg_standard_color_18
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialDividerHeavyStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightSalmon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textColorLink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int keyboardIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_CompactMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_verticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_springStiffness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String nCaseThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconCheckable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int native_body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.Integer _case
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scrimBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clearsTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tshirt_front_mask
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_bottomLeftCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_trackColorActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_done
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_corner_family
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int notification_permission_settings_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _225sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int developer_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _230sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int text_input_start_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mr_update_routes_delay_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_mobile_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_IndianRed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rounded
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_chooser_route_desc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _109sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _96sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_fancy_mobile_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_clock_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.String title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int nestedScrollFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_controller_volume_group_list_item_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_minSweepAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offline_opt_in_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_01
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_variablePadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_showDelay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int SharedValueId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int swipeContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_rotation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_have_a_promocode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rvImageAlbum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_minus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_end_date_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tooltipStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int ssp_example
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _291sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Params_behavior_hideable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_picker_close_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_share_sellercode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int fragment_close_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int slide_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_gestureInsetBottomIgnored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textOutlineColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportMaxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_internet_permission_error_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int price_high_to_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int fab_label_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_4_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_thumb_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int shipper_set_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClearableTextInputEditText_clearIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceSubtitle2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int top_blue_tablerow_bottomborder_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_total_page
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call_answer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_reverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_repeat_delay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd15color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int anti_aliasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flingVelocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _275sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestWhite30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask2_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_paddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int button_deny
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offline_opt_in_confirmation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_dividerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_thumbRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _520sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int windowBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int springMass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_volume_item_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_scrollbarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int SharedValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressIndicator_indeterminateAnimationType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _281sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dividerPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabAlignmentModeEndMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_76
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Coral
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_1a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _61ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_zoom_view_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Light_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePickerDialog_dp_headerPrimaryTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_dark_theme_holo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_lastVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Item: java.util.List options
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int onesignal_fade_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _339sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode NONE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int dummy_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_dynamic_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator_ExtraSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxBackgroundMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_low_rate_up
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.File: java.lang.String url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_enterFadeDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TabLayout_PrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int fab_size_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_imagePanY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _317sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_spray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MediaRouteButton_externalRouteEnabledDrawableStatic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_admob_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_switchColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_autoCompleteMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_scaleY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int indicator_corner_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SpringGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_circularflow_defaultAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sliding_layouts
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int vivoveleven
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoCompleteMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gnt_outline_shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_mall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device DEVICE_VERSION
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_information
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode ZOOM_WITH_TWO_FINGER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int pathRelative
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_layoutDuringTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_auth_dialog_cancel_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bottomsheet_action_collapse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_borderRound
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_inAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_customFont
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_hour
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_06
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Kuwait
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int custom_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _119sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int code_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_expandDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int second_remaining
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_26_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clearIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_carousel_small_item_default_corner_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_tintNavigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int viewInflaterClass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int text_view_with_line_height_from_appearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_new_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fitXY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _64ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_titleCentered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String image3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_shadowXOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_auto_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_group_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int order_dialog_finish_alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_android_windowFullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_pid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnClick_targetId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_choice1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String disp_heigth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ContextMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _362sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_filters
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_ThreeBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int history
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int model_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_9_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Corner_Bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceTitleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_home_screen_panel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_verticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_lifted
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_28_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double paidAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_SearchView_Prefix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_confirm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_rotationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String courierCompanyID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.util.List result
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_clock_display_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_scaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int llProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_face_margin_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view_transition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String aadhar_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Caption
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_no_img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCardViewOutlinedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_extraMultilineHeightEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _423sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_0a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_constraint_referenced_ids
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _131sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadioButtonDrawable_rbd_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mall_wishlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationShort2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_5_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_repeat_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int are_you_to_cancel_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSecondaryFixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_auto_erase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sriv_right_bottom_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialIconButtonFilledStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _181sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_disconnected_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_registration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String image_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_BodyLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_chip_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportSingleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_horizontalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textSelectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int packed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hideMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int well_comeback
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textOutlineColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sure_to_cancel_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MediaRouteButton_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_ota_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _493sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialSwitch_thumbIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_max_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int ifTagSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableLeftCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String modalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _335sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int middle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_primary_button_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_primary_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sign_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_object_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_on_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_right_thumb_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_travelAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_fab_corner_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_toolbar_text_size_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer isActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_suffixTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offline_opt_in_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_6_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_dayMin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_period_toggle_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabAnimationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String image3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_input_chip_with_avatar_avatar_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_DisplayMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int show_password_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_bitmap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_yearItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_text_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_timepicker_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_TitleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_constraintSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_center_top_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int recyclerViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_delayRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_pro_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_large_fab_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_colorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_sendBtnIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int hide_password_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_sports
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_11_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int jump_to_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_primary_inverse_text_disable_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int clickableView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus21sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask_fancy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int font
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_pro_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_keyboardNavigationCluster
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _93sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LinearProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_seekBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_IconButton_Filled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mall_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwipyRefreshLayout_srl_direction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialAlertDialog_Centered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_xout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _32sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int telltales_tailScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_primary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIconMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_cancel_sort
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_horizontalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.Long mPosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _61sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alphaSlider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_android_checkable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_04_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cash_on_delivery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _16sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _140sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ClearableEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _411sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ab
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sideSheetDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_erase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_93
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipSurfaceColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int sort_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_select_sleeve_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int testing_activity_case_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_wrapMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd18color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int special_effects_controller_view_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_iconLineMorphing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_center_bottom_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs_pre_jb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dismiss_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int useDrawerArrowDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int navigationRailStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int popup_flyout_hide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_dd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int unknown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int standalone_badge_gravity_top_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_final_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double codCharge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_marginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_pickerButtonOk
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_inputType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ads_icon2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _72sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: java.lang.String ResponseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bsd_outDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_A400_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_verify
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyAttribute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _257sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String sellerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_strokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_TopLeftCut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceMediumComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_applyMotionScene
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_mobile_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int com_facebook_device_auth_dialog_fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundAsCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int right_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String orderStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.Integer status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_fb_logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _241sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int visit_our_website
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_03_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_gap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.Integer withdraw
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DynamicColors_DayNight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Item: java.util.List files
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_applied
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd10color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_authorWebsite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_LargeComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int animateMenuItems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_selection_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cover_disp_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _239sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String transaction_id
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult UNKNOWN_ERROR
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_card_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device DEVICE_SYSTEM_VERSION
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_corner_large_corner_family
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd17color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_timepicker_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int transaction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialDividerStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_call_to_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_android_paddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _313sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _381sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] NavigationDrawerDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_framePosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Corner_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int not_show
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_route_progress_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_showMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_handle_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderLayout_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_media_stop_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus11sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int showCustom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintGuide_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus52sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int card_share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_margin_vertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int os_bgimage_notif_body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int miter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_adhaar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_51
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowNoTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String webImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int vertical_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_SharedValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_first_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntBlack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _264sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_picker_route_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String nNewModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int security_amp_settings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_SnackBar_Tablet_MultiLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryWebsite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_RotatingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String transactionType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE PORTRAIT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_repeat_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _132sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_SnackBar_Mobile_MultiLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_help
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Aqua
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int emui_color_gray_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_BlueViolet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int save_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_android_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DynamicColors_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_26
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_suffixText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int PulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_69
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tileBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_pass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClockHandView_clockHandColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_animation_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_outAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_fd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_bar_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_showMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShadowLayout_slCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MotionScene
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] GifTextureView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_square_ring
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mug_fancy_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_arrow_mug_rev
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rectangles
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _418sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_toggleCheckedStateOnClick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_testing_webview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int inter_ad_unit_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_select_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_marginLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_alphaSlider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int viewTransitionOnNegativeCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _246sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int fragment_close_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constrainedWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int srl_direction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int text_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nMaskThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cos
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int pro_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_text_margin_start_no_navigation_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int personal_info
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_dialog_transferable_header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int popup_flyout_show
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestWhite10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_onTouchUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fadeDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_crop_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lightnessSlider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_3e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _316sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Pink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fastScrollEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_any_prod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_log_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String general_category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int cast_ic_notification_connecting
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_quantizeMotionPhase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_fitToContents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus23sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int apply
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_fromId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.String symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_crossfade
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ee
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_OldLace
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_helper_text_default_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int parallax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int image_processing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _23sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_24Hour
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _150sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.AdditionalData: java.lang.String offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int new_spalsh
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuOpenWith
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int SpinKit_Color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_layout_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_5f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_paddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_child_content_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _306sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_paypal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int italic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_maxRippleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_tick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_1b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_LinearProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int uvv_titlebar_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tool_head
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PropertySet_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.Integer country_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer is_branch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _1ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_SearchBar_Container_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int locale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_72
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ThemableView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_share_button_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_state_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_android_layout_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int is_tablet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int iv_currency
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SignInButton_colorScheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int search_for
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_finish_alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_titleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_5d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer is_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.Integer quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Entry
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int description_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_88
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String modalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int call_notification_answer_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int messenger_send_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Panel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int check_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_highest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_dragged
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int tint_grey_unselect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_login1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _85sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Object newModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int steps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_y
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RangeSlider_values
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_keepDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String dummy_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_popupItemAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_guidelineUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_smart_instructions_or
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_selectionRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_horizontalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _189sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_discreteMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery_within_15_working_days_after_order_n_confirmation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_minHideDelay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide_reactiveGuide_valueId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_toolbar_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int defaultState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_09_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus20sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String model_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_marginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _401sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int emui_color_gray_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int clamp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ProgressView_pv_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mobile_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Background2Foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_contrast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_24_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_optimizationLevel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int shipper_bottle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int text_view_with_theme_line_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_inputUseEditorAction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_Ripple_Wave_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_BottomRightCut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String nCaseImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String internationAppImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_labelBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationMedium3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_dividerHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _36sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _383sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_showMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_shadowDx
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_translationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_clip_to_children
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String signStamp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: java.lang.String modelid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.ResponseDashboard: java.util.List addresses
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_primary_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _84sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int youAreNotUpdatedMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_period_am_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus14sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_fadeDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _458sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Bahrain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_PaleGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int phill_image_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_animateOnReset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_endisable_service
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fl_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_0b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_23_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int keyPositionType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int infotext
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String displayHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_card_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int new_gif_final
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.util.List displayImages
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int thumb_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_67
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_boxSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String image2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_DisplayLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginVertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_collapsedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_PrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipIconVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionStagger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int subject
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_autoCompleteMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int information
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_seekbar_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_radioButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fb_native_ad_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int send_complain_msg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_primary_button_pressed_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_78
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$array: int list_id_test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_icon_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_redo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_tint_password_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_trackSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_firstVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_2d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double shipping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int gradient
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AbsCustomSlider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _372sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _442sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_image_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_filter_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int decelerate_cubic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialSearchViewPrefixStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_bottom_right_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_iconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_transitionDisable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer codAvailable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actualImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.util.List enabledPaymentGateways
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cancel_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Variant_constraints
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CardView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String cOD
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_outline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Maroon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_slider_thumb_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_pesonal_detials
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int free
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuShareVia
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _321sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ChipGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Bisque
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SignInButton_buttonSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_Pulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_LayoutParams_layout_scrollFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_CompactMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_150
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.util.List mProductImages
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double shippingCharge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_item_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_vol_type_audiotrack_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePickerDialog_tp_am
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevated_dragged_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int jump_from_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DST_OUT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int app_right_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String stateCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _85ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _160sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int forward_vector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int use_this_promocode_amp_get_50_inr_instant_discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fragment_one
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String company
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int update_whatsapp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_header_text_color_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_negativeActionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_place
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_no_info_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int x_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_avd_show_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int text_upper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String mug_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int legacy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _598sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_drawerLayoutCornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textColorHighlight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_control_playback_ctrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_anchor_parent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int listMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int constraint_learning_xml
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_sizePercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String pickupdate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Object newMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AbsCustomSlider_inVerticalOrientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int complaint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_close_exit_reverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.String promo_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_insta_logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int link_text_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int continue_shopping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.Integer is_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_picker_route_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version version
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_seller_order_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackColorInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SideSheetBehavior_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_medium_cta_button_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchview_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_minSweepAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _469sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_yearSelectedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.lang.Integer countryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_rotationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_path
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomAppBar_Legacy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _387sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_coffee_mug_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_add
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _59sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_2c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus40sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int appcompat_dialog_background_inset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_detail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_tabPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundWithOverlayColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_sign_in_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int onNegativeCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _214sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int liftOnScroll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonShowCircleButCropAsSquare
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_sp_currency
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Snackbar_FullWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SubsamplingScaleImageView_zoomEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.util.List mProductDetails1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sqr_back_img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator_Medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int editTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleCollapseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_slider_bar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundingBorderWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int adUnitId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int etNewPassword
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationShort1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_cast_header_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int re_enter_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_photos_black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int activity_margin_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _577sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_logged_in_using_facebook
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_65
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_control_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String currentStatusCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String transactionId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_1_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadioButtonDrawable_rbd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Double subtotal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tStampTextColorRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus50sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_request
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.Double lat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_modal_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_not_available_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int searchbar_scrolling_view_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonFree
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int banner_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Prefix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DeepPink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int XOR
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int up_img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String displayHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ratio_4_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_oval
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fcm_fallback_notification_channel_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyFramesVelocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_LayoutParams
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate rotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int NEVER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_labelVisibilityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add_to_cart2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableTopCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_font
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_chip_anim_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _375sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_MultiplePulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int externalRouteEnabledDrawableStatic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _139sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_placeHolderSmileColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_WanderingCubes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerThickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_month_labeled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_Switch_StateLayer_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_send_otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.util.List allChilds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] DatePickerDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_89
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int frag_select_company
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_search_prefix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus37sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_update_message_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_tamil
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_highlight_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_pivotAnchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_isIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_short_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_maxLineWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int layout4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_Spinner_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model: android.graphics.Bitmap bitmap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MediaRouter_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_showShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_tooltip_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _51sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAutoCompleteTextView_simpleItemSelectedColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_textOutlineColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShadowLayout_slShadowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SaddleBrown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_dc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_button_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Green
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int app_left_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textureWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CircularProgressDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerLayout_shimmer_auto_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_pv_progressMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: java.lang.Boolean success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabCradleMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_item_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_abort_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_iconSrc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int call_notification_answer_video_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layoutPlaceHolder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipSpacingHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_dialog_default_group_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_88
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int s5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String modalName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int delete_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_push_vmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ListPopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int change_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _345sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int SpinKitViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_stroke_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_shadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_labelBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_clock_period_toggle_land
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _134sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIconEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int alternate_mobile_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _194sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Sys_Shape_Corner_ExtraLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Indigo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fade_in_fast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_active_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_indicatorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_long1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TonalButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int decelerate_quart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_fit_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int round_rect_green
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _82ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_PrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_DrawerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Insets_marginTopSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String image1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCalendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int back_vector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_keepDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _60sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_bottom_nav_colored_item_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_header_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_animateMenuItems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int design_navigation_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer isActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_tickColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_af
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_expand_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus41sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ipad_mini
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_yearMin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_selectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_testing_json
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_lowest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_chooser_route_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TabLayout_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int arc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_rightPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_emptyViewsBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int floating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String flag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_TabLayout_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_android_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int _integer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cropImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_lStar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String delivery_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int honorRequest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int notification_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_07_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_capital_off
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_letterSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int accelerate_quint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _98ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header_selection_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Capability_queryPatterns
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_dark_theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int image2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FragmentContainerView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String n_mug_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int download_info_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _429sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int notifications_permission_confirm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_textDisableColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_textTimeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layoutDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode DRAG
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int picture
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TabLayout_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_27
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int freezesAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_lname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_touchscreenBlocksFocus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int icon_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int wheelType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ratio_16_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialButtonToggleGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: java.util.List value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral24
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_LinearProgress_Determinate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_android_valueFrom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND CAMETA
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData couponData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String apikey
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mall_sub_other_dynamic_fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.util.List scan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_checked_circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_ElevatedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_bg_color_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String nModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mUpdatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SendFloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntRed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int continuousVelocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_thumbFocusRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rectangle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_doubleTapToZoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_CubeGrid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_maxCharacterCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_password_eye
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mInternationAppImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int img_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarItemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_38
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filter_chip_elevated_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int radio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _15ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_item_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rd_btn_best_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_08
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_cb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int swipeRefreshLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _496sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _417sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clearIconDrawWhenFocused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_yearTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightGoldenrodYellow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_done
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Search_ActionButton_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus54sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_openDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int slShadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_chainUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_preview_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String modalName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DepthPage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_barrierDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int right_thumb_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_05
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_actionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_08_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int prefixText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fragment_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String seller_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_showDiagonals
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _24sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SwitchMaterial
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int address_not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_viewTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tab_photo_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.Integer categoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_marginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: java.lang.String bestOfferDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int jumpHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_66
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_layoutDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_buttonIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _195sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_maxElementsWrap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dropdown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_marginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_track_web_view_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int elevationOverlayAccentColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int themeLineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData: java.lang.String offerCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabCradleVerticalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Object deletedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ChatViewInputTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _300sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_sendBtnBackgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_autoShowKeyboard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _41sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_bulk_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Plum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_05
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_TabLayout_OnSurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_repeat_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_TonalButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_FoldingCube
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_showAnimationBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int wavePhase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_negativeActionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_defaultScrollFlagsEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pickerButtonCancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CompoundButton_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constrainedWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_labelsPosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_bright
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_negativeActionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int nd_ripple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_background_emphasis_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mYouSave
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_16_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String nPrintThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _562sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.util.List stickers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_statusBarForeground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String maskheight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _63ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_addButtonColorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _282sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_collapsible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String dummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mini
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_actionTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_DayTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] NavigationBarView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int hms_progress_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorTertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SearchBar_Outlined
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] YearPicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaskableLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_timepicker_cancel_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_warning
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customColorDrawableValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _267sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _504sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_side_sheet_margin_detached
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_icon_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String maskwidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperTextTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value Cart_total_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TabPageIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_no_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_calendar_header_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_right_thumb_color_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_useDrawerArrowDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_default_color_secondary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_sponsored_label_load
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String order_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionPath
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_crop_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_large_blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object nNewModalThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fitStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_animateRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState EXPANDED
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_month
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_fab_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_springMass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalLabelView_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_android_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_77
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_positiveActionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDebug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyTopRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SpinKitView_SpinKit_Style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String international_app_mall_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_auth_dialog_header_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode CLICK
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int height_native_small_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_BodyMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String query
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_animate_relativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData: java.lang.String amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_gallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int never_display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int title_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_edit_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer availableStock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String bulkSms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_18_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rightToLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_push
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int provide_pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_tickColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_neutralActionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_loginview_default_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_showAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Tablet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Year_Selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_slider_halo_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layoutCustomNativeAd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$array: int selectAction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_indicatorHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: java.lang.Integer is_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer userPriceValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_aarow_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_cc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Double subtotal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_granted
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _163sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackDecoration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fade_out_slow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chainUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_custom_text1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int sample
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownSelector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tshirt_front_logo_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkOrange
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabInlineLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_switch_thumb_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_unfavorites
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int server_under_maintenance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_marginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer codeId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int simpleItemSelectedRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int avd_show_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ea
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: java.lang.Integer status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_ActionBar_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer tshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SeaGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _268sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int bottom_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _336sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.Integer isApprove
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String case_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_slider_thumb_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String availableStock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int snackbarTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textinput_helper_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_arrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add_image_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialSwitch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data mallEnableStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerLayout_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_maxVelocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_bright
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShadowLayout_slDx
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sawtooth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int crop_activity_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fitCenter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int open_with
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_baselineOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_transitionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String street
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Snackbar_snackbarButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_motionStagger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int frg_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundTopLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TestStyleWithoutLineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_albumimages
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_display_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String cancellationMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer companyId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_hint_foreground_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_send_button_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_vol_type_audiotrack_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rd_btn_price_low_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_dropDownAnchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _124sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _153sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fadeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fix_gap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int call_notification_decline_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_guide_show_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _406sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String requestModel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_motion_easing_linear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String n_mask_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int emui_color_gray_7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int account_settings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Integer quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int refresh
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteBodyTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _56sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int frag_request_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus9sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_button_send
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_inAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int activity_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int constraintLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_layoutDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customBoolean
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_halo_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int learn_video
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_loader
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String transaction_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_wrapBehaviorInParent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomAppBar_Button_Navigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_nestedScrollFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String transactionType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimaryFixedDim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationMedium2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textureBlurFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _444sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_placeHolderBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_function_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_quantizeMotionSteps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ghost_view_holder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.Long mProductId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dark_hint_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int elastic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int share_your_promo_code_in_review
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialTimePickerTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _385sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_model_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int text_view_with_line_height_from_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_install
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_table_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Seashell
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int card_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hint_drag_finger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DST_ATOP
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Body_Text_CenterStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_inAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_Chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _427sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int out_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int hour
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableEndCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerFamilyBottomLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_search_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _581sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_TextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _349sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_Wave
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_appbar_state_list_animator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int smile_rating_bad
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_lowest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_sub_category_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ratio_9_16
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double paidAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_tabSingleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Insets_marginRightSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_button_blue_bg_round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Magnifier_Oval_Black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_max_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_backgroundRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int butt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _514sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_add_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int choose_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int text2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int slide_right_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tintNavigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Insets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int grid_selected_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_labelVisibilityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_ota_force_cancel_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_arrowSwitchMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int must_six_char
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_terms_condition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _72ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String productPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int want_to_become_a_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_email_id_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_ProgressView_Linear_Buffer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int enable_system_foreground_service_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _147sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int test_checkbox_app_button_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int search_menu_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_primary_text_disable_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppSplashTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_01_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_logoAdjustViewBounds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int retryImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_collapsed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_buttonToggleAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_wrapBehaviorInParent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String disp_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int horizontalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int instagram_secret
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rd_btn_whats_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_tshirt_display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_cancel_image_crop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Calendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer mug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_sports
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int s2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: java.lang.Boolean select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_user
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textAllCaps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int transitionFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_address_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String promoCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_direction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_variant_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails mSellerDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _280sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Wheat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int wrap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_viewTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomSheet_DragHandle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int inline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int bubble_thumb_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialShape_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_add_to_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Jordan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Themes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String deleted_at
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_grey
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_CubeGrid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_curveFit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_large_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_messageTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Azure
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_quantizeMotionPhase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_vertical_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_dropDownHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String itemQuantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontVariationSettings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionTelltales_telltales_tailColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _149sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundPercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Violet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int counterEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int background_edit_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestBlack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _218sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_cn_new_pass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_mob_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_4_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_rs
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_56
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackColorActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_transformPivotX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_dynamic_dialog_route_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_images_final
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int new_gif
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int upsdk_ota_update_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int vivoyninefive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AdsAttrs
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorControlHighlight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_firstView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _594sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Corner_ExtraLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackDecorationTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_NavigationView_Item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_maxValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int parent_matrix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String phone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_lastItemDecorated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Search_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_constraint_referenced_ids
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_getting_message_fail_prompt_toast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int visit_website_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_20_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchMaterial_useMaterialThemeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bulk_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_Divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_btn_state_list_anim
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult INVALID_APPLICATION_SIGNATURE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_card_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_neutralActionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String bANKTXNID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _574sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int error_color_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_item_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_icon_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int loading_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fade_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSecondaryContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_drawPath
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: java.lang.String photoUri
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_progress_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ExitingAppSplashTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePickerDialog_dp_headerSecondaryTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_title_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textinput_counter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] VerticalSlidingPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int load_fb_native
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int more
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_250
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _18ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_flip_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _251sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _289sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_carousel_extra_small_item_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int failureImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_timepicker_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_formal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int loadmore_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MediaRouter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderToggleButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int other_dynamic_fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int transition_position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: java.lang.String brand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int browser_actions_context_menu_page
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_transformDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _470sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.notification_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Notification notification
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_large_fab_max_image_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_timer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int learn_how_to_edit_mobile_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] include
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSecondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_marginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sriv_oval
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_animationDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_travelDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _566sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _236sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int splash_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus48sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_for_men
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int jumpToStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.Integer country_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DeepSkyBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableLeftCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationShort3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int horizontal_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_inapp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_popupItemAnimOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_dividerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String transactionStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.notification_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Action action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_button_send_background_color_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object deletedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int enterAlways
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipStandaloneStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_no_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_expiry
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_topLeftCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_MonthNavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_pager_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int right_to_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_shadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_defaultMarginsEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_face
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant variants
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_mobile_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_time_input
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value: java.lang.String variant_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String sellerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int indicator_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _599sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_35
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int MultiplePulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_reg_mobile_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_translationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCollapsedPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalSlidingPanel_panelHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int simple_spinner_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int package_name_instagram
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bottom_sheet_layout_download_image_linear_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Params
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _455sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _388sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SubsamplingScaleImageView_tileBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_paddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewTStampTextAppearance_tStampTextColorRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_springStopThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_translatable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_motion_easing_emphasized
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd13color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String nCaseImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int OVER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _77sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_inputHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_menu_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceTitleMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumTurquoise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.Long mIsInternational
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Subtitle2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _253sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int update_fail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String app_mall_thumb_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String mThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_min_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_handle_show_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultMenuTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dark_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int merchant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int is_right_to_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_outAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int oval
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_transformInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentScrim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawerLayoutCornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_push_channel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_27_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_android_checkable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_centerCurrentTab
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int imagePanY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_line_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_elevated_card_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_media_pause_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _63sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteControlPanelThemeOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_action_add
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_UnelevatedButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_timepicker_select_time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_item_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingAppBarLayout_LayoutParams
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_isOpenSource
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int img_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int enterAlwaysCollapsed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_headerSecondaryTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderCancelButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_font_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_DatePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int above
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customPixelDimension
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeholderTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderCancelButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_animateRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_default_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_headerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mug_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SimpleDialog_di_checkBoxStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_restore
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dividerThickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_prefixText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_HelperText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_backwardTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_clear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int collapseActionView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pass_does_not_match
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_dismiss
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportMaxChars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alphaSliderView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int simpleFrameLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_xxl_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int complain_row_recieve
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_account_created_success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Pulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_lines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int disjoint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int m3_bottom_sheet_slide_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int untilRelease
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_44
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_title_warning
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_transformPivotX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _252sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_login_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_strokeJoin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_4f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_type_tv_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_circularflow_radiusInDP
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int phone_case
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_maxElementsWrap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_minLineWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _137sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_White
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_card_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTopCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textinput_prefix_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _378sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_bar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_tabRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_zoomable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_promocode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: int quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_check_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int m3_motion_fade_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory generalCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _376sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int media_controller_compat_view_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int prompt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int confirmation_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String webThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_0e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rbd_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fab_slide_out_to_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragAnticlockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int layout1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int barrierDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_inAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_ChasingDots
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Params_behavior_overlapTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _333sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gnt_rounded_corners_shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fb_not_installed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_overlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_button_white_bg_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker: java.lang.String img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_constantSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_29_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String coupon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int progress_splash
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalSlidingPanel_flingVelocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_trackCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceBright
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_promocode_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_drawer_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_SmallComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int volume_item_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_21_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_NavajoWhite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorAccessibilityLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ff
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.AdditionalData: java.lang.String categoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_ee
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_admod_medium2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer CustomizeLocket
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_chooser_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _116sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int textColorPrimary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _522sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_rotate_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customColorValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Integer status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickRadiusActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int finest_web_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int uvv_light_gray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SimpleDraweeView_actualImageUri
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_text_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_11_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_blast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Choice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_bb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int activity_result_invalid_url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Tomato
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_switch_thumb_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_secondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_paint_brush
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_system_route_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ChatViewTStampTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _31sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _161sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tStampTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int outline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _53sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String tXNTYPE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationExtraLong1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int scrollable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int layout2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_FoldingCube
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer totalAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _394sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkOrchid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_74
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_send_request
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ShimmerFrameLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _360sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int nestedScrollable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _58sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingAppBarLayout_LayoutParams_layout_collapseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.Integer pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int are_you_sure_want_to_purchase_using_cash_on_delivery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int androidx_startup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_49
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_SearchView_FullScreen_Container_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_install_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_select_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _78sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String offer_new_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_61
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_connect_server_fail_prompt_toast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_titleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int payment_successfull
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_connecting_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_strokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_editor_absoluteX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_with_text_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardMaxElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _178sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _364sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_keepDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _98sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_disconnected_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_stop_casting
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String home_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_focused_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int disableHome
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MediaRouter_Light_MediaRouteButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_edit_reg_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int applyMotionScene
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_Ripple_Wave
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd16color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialClockStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _120sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int abc_max_action_buttons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_caret_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _37ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_FadingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_pincode_search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _117sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingStandardInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_small_fab_max_image_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int confirm_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int layout3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DynamicColors_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transprent_black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_colorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] EditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int helperText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_advertiser
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _539sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_buttonTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_another_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int deltaPolarRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_cancel_image_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_45
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int failureImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cast_notification_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_rotate_left_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_cc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_7d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral98
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer level
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int iv_model_share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_curState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int color_amp_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int m3_side_sheet_slide_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_yearMax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_card_anim_delay_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Brown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device DEVICE_TYPE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_switch_text_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_backgroundTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String bulkSms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.String rawPayload
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$raw: int rzp_config
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _311sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteAudioTrackDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_expandedOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_action_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_ota_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int item_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int initialColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnSecondaryFixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int category_name_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int item_facebook_album_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constrainedHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_iconSrc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add_image_if_required
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_days_of_week
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int write_your_request
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeHolderBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_backgroundTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add_to_cart_btn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_4e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int media_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_maxSweepAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_DisplayMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int m3_bottom_sheet_slide_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int item_delete_successfully
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int icon_video_disp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_update_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonFitImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pager_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int checkbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_paddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_ChasingDots
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bestChoice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_00_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_merchant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int attributeName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int custom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_select_country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_back_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int your_order_will_be_confirm_within_48_hours
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SimpleDraweeView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_brand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_150
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int approve_otp_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mulitple_activity_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String image1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus32sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_filled_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _540sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_firstname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int failure
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_data_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int more
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_failed_add_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int _long
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circularflow_defaultRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bubbleBackgroundSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int white_arrow_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int apply_promocode_amp_get_discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_textTimeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_7_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_crop_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _513sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask25_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Corner_Full
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _105sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String paidAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerLayout_shimmer_animation_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_center_top_right_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Snackbar_snackbarTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _97sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_rotationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _396sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mock_showLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields extraFields
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String deleted_at
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_constraintSetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int smile_rating_good
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Cyan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int save_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus3sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_thumbColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_native_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_methodName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_hour_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceCaption
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int s6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: android.graphics.Bitmap original_bitmap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_calendar_item_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_bottomInsetScrimEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LawnGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bottomInsetScrimEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_contact_us
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_hour_24h_suffix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circularflow_viewCenter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_labelTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images category
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_animation_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int labels_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_cast_button_connected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_item_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int wide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_image_download_unknown_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_reverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int content_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int take_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_android_paddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] GifView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int mr_fast_out_slow_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_13_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_case
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _337sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.Integer priority
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_ensureMinTouchTargetSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String company_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int seller_shadow_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_progress_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCardViewElevatedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SimpleDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_arrowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_lastname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SlateGray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_toolbar_custom_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_mute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ProgressView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_bb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.AdditionalData: java.lang.String categoryName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String order_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteSpeakerIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_TopRightDifferentCornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String shippingCharge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_auth_dialog_instructions_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_personal_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus47sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ThemeEnforcement_enforceTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _13ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus4sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_Circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_cancelable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_clipToPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int items
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_LabelLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_HeadlineLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_switchColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mInternationAppThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CheckedTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int register
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_media_stop_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomAppBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_backgroundAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_iconStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_radial_view_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_move
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int request_for_money_to_paytm_wallet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_month_navigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int place
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_unit_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data: java.lang.String company
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceBody1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_frame_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Lime
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_android_paddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String track_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int text_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_inapp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linearLayout2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_Material3_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_splitWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int parentPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressIndicator_indicatorInset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: java.lang.Integer keychainExist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_initial_frame_scale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int deltaPolarAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_trackCap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_track_side_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_surface_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String transactionStatusCheckedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_card_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int feedback_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _398sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_pro_details_women
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_media_main_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus51sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_tStampTextColorRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: float gst_charges
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_timepicker_button_stroke
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clockHandColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: java.lang.Integer countryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Peru
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputOutlinedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String shipping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textAllCaps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _460sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int error_msg_unknown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int activity_result_invalid_parameters
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_tshirt_category_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivBack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_album_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _254sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog_Simple_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int gap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_progressBarAutoRotateInterval
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_borderRoundPercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int location
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_insta_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int onPositiveCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _234sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_inputId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconMinSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ac
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int placed_on
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String webThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _480sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_shadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_check_failure
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_fixed_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int marginLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int app_left_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_mutate_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask_patiyu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_secondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int transaction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkSalmon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_sports_selecte
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int animateToStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int browser_actions_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_23
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_00
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_cast_checkbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_chip_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _305sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnSurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LinearConstraintLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTextView_lineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int upsdk_cancel_pressed_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkRed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_86
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_need_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_RotatingPlane
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_out_of_range
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _352sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int touch_outside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_lower
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textLocale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_likeview_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_35
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ListPopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TouchImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int allStates
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pickerButtonOk
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_downloading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int PagerIndicatorStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_showLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_be
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _221sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_chip_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_banner_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Pinview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _94ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int transformPivotTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int package_name_wa
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Small_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentPaddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int end_padder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _42ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int onHide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer availableStock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ChipGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _152sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_22
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_front_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Year
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeholderImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int methodName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorTertiaryContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ThemeEnforcement_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_fab_border_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int instagram_redirect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int do_you_want_to_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_front_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int helperTextTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: java.lang.Integer cart_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorTertiaryFixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PropertySet_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Corner_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rect_black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_filter_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_short2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackDecorationTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ALWAYS
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCheckBoxStates
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_bg_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_tickColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_rotationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_short3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_handle_show_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_tickSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomSheet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer sellerPriceValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _519sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_icon_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_attributeName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int gcm_fallback_notification_channel_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int EmptyTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_size_compact
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonVerifyPhone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textOutlineThickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: java.lang.String ResponseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _242sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_03
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dimensions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_singleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int nsv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_invalid_username
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_16_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int toolbarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int slide_up
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constrainedHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _247sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int actionUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_volume_slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus38sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkOliveGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_ElevatedButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_tilt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _440sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int my_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_design_checkbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String nImage3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int load_native_fan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_45
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int check_box
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offer_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _441sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _382sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_circular_progress_indicator_active_indicator_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_Divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_11_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tablerow_bottomborder_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundingBorderPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _192sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int us
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_autoShrink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_constraintSetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int logoScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.Integer phonecode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _373sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int support_timing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_variant_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_dots_space
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int com_facebook_activity_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_loop_start_delay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_translationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int request_name_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _390sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_NavigationRailView_ActiveIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _589sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int instant_off
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int clockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _445sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_ProgressView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_open_enter_reverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadioButtonDrawable_rbd_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _548sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _279sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int design_fab_show_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int img_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_control_activated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String currency_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fit_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int startIconContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int fragment_fade_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_profile_picture_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int FoldingCube
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _69ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeCloseContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int for_men
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int txtPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_keyPositionType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_send_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int we_sent_you_code_to_nverify_your_mobile_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_fadingEdgeLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int loading_native_free_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_textHighlightColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mySwipeRefreshLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_retry
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleView_rd_enable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int FlipPage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_item_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int total_amount_payable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_slider_range_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String transactionType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object nNewMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_checking_update_prompt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int chain2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int flip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String disp_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textView3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_FoldingCube
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_progress_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemActiveIndicatorStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Orange
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _177sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int RotatingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int loading_dialog_tv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_landmark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkViolet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int up
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_audiotrack_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewTStampTextAppearance_tStampTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_lines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_carousel_gone_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeWithTextRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int forceKeyboard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String businessType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_round_close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_ChasingDots
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int charCounter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sizePercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_maxElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_thumbTouchRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_delayRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_Seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_rippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Paypal_data_model: java.lang.String redirectUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_right_thumb_image_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device DEVICE_TOTAL_MEMORY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_HotPink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_maxElementsWrap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_download_failure
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_failed_image_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_you_save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int m3_side_sheet_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int frAds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_DisplayLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sriv_left_bottom_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int included
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _209sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int image2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_side_sheet_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_verticalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.paypal_model: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.util.List cancel_reasons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hintTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _431sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AppBarLayout_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Cornsilk
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String nMaskThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.Boolean codServicable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_native_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_gift_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contrast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_harmonized_color_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_edit_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundBottomRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int click_here
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int shortcut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PropertySet_layout_constraintTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: java.lang.Integer stateId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int third_app_warn_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _32ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: android.graphics.Bitmap save_mask_bitmap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int m3_alert_dialog_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_Ripple_Touch_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_minute_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SliderLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _535sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemTextAppearanceActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constrainedWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_promo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int circle_square
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_framePosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingTopSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _34ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundingBorderColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_dark_static
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_slider_range_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestGray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_send_icon_blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rvSelected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_nophotos
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus16sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int simpleItems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_LargeComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_device_auth_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int gridview_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int polarRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_outline_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int upDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int test_checkbox_android_button_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _492sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int atv_brand_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_divider_thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String awbno
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivThumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer groups
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_autoCenter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _95sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Olive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_PulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int provider_paths
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.Integer gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long mCodAvailable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Long mGeneralCategoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _408sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeWithTextWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int scrollView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ScaleCardLayout_aspectRatioWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_maxAcceleration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_offer_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_scrim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String gift_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int address_detail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_9d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int _double
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_animationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_shipping_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ProgressView_pv_circular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer sellerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer bind
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_doubleTapToZoomScaleFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_highlight_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int spread_inside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bottomNavigationStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_maxRippleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_04
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int toolbarHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String company_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_initial_frame_scale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_85
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult CLIENT_LIBRARY_UPDATE_REQUIRED
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String modalName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu_ContextMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_primary_text_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteDividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_carousel_small_item_size_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: java.lang.String statusDetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_arrowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit PT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int x_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode ZOOM_WITH_ICON
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_StickerModel: int image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int save_scale_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_curveFit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Notification: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload payload
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _340sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int reason
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ColorPickerPreference
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Icon_CenterStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightGrey
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePickerDialog_tp_textTimeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int vivovnine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int onCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String appThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionMenuTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _274sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCardView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_spoof_hints
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_chip_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fragment_progress_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_efab_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_bottomLeftCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_07_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int minSeparation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_formal_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_YearNavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_AliceBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_animateRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int item_phone_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_clear_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_sriv_right_bottom_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_prompt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_cardBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int personal_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_labelTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorbutton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int title_activity_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_32
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int request_your_device
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int CardView_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int address_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_35
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_card_foreground_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_please_wait
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int aperoNativeAds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_motionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int viewTransitionOnPositiveCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_dayStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_handle_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textAd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_handle_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_strokeCap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_tilt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.util.ArrayList subDataModelDetailsArrayList
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_onStateTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int frame_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int app_open_test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String modalName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String date_time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_toId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Boolean in_wishlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultMenuCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_border_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialShape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _544sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String shippingCharge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_5e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_media_play_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_sriv_border_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_29
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int panelHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] StateSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Object mDeletedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_secondary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportSingleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorFullWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_long_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _79sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _391sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dialog_constraint_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalSlidingPanel_dragView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_RotatingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_btn_anim_delay_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorAccessibilityLiveRegion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_object_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_base_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_controller_material_dialog_b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_change_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_getmobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_trackSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int wa_not_installed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int button16_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.String mCurrencySymbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int fancy_black_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int right_thumb_color_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_labelPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CircularProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ca
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _262sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_brightness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int showHome
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int edit_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_motionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _186sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_headerPrimaryTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_chooser_searching
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_4a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_no_media_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_text_view_test_line_height_override
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MotionHelper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_purcharse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mock_labelBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_visibilityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int call_notification_decline_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int header_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_pass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_add_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int price_low_to_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_maxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textScaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_radioButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_71
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int smsOtp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_dither
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String codMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _14ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String seller_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeTopRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_on_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_front
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_contrast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V12_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pickerColorEdit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _99sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int verticalOffsetWithText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _527sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_ProgressView_Circular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_paddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int choose_from_gallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_bottomPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedIconVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_ImageButton_ShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int smile_rating_great
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Corner_Left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int thanks_using_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _243sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_paypal_demo_response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_83
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_title_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CardView_Filled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_smart_login_confirmation_continue_as
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_singleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_iconEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollEffect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _585sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_cast_media_metadata
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedIconEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_signin_button_text_long
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int verticalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int jumpToEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_mtrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_overlayImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _65ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List productDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rvSelectedImagesList
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textNumber
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int filled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_HarmonizedColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_14
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_4b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_pp_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_maxEms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String deliveryAddress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_radiobutton_button_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer discountAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_cardPreventCornerOverlap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ghost_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_24
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_customFont
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dayTodayStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int onStateTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_StickerModel: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_paddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_circle_square
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String nPrintImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_info_share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int slShadowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_filter_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.Integer is_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_CadetBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_transformPivotY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCheckBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int stockeCard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus22sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_off
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int barLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_picker_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_verification_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceDisplayLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_track_path
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalSlidingPanel_shadowHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_17
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String bANKNAME
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int txt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _579sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_tshirt__editing_
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_period_pm_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_copy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _173sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String app_mall_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _308sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: java.lang.Boolean success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_98
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SearchBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundTopRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_something_wrong
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int today_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int progress_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Sys_Shape_Corner_ExtraSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkMagenta
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int wavePeriod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Capability_shortcutMatchRequired
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntTestBackgroundColor2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_EditText_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _73ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SimpleDialog_di_itemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_boxSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _296sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _489sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.util.List locket_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int copy_toast_msg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_mob
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_translation_z_base
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_hideAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType productType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type RECEIVED
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_arrowInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_TabPageIndicator_Fixed_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int caldroid_transparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nNewMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int become_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail: java.lang.String locket_text_max_length
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int os_bgimage_notif_bgimage_align_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_signin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_translatable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_clock_display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: java.lang.String albumName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_year
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Test_Theme_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressIndicator_indicatorSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Dark_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int continue_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _8ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_pick_rationale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String user_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomAppBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWithTextHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelEnable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabAnchorMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_chip_input_combo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_FloralWhite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_min_touch_target
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showDividers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_selectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_fitToContents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_apply
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constrainedHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_textinput_caption_translate_y
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _142sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_secured_by_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _51ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: java.lang.Double width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Animation_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Magenta
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_1e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_wavePhase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int item1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_8d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_shadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_elevated_button_disabled_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int product_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SHOW_PATH
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int RelativeLayout1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmodel_data: java.lang.String model_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_elevationCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_ee
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int address_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipMinHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_17_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_slider_inactive_track_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_cardElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String transactionType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int counterTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_preset_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_PulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int isMaterialTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int chains
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int image_corrupt_or_not_support
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClearableAutoCompleteTextView_clearIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int all
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_img_src
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_stepValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int below_mail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String company_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.Integer displayCodButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int subtitle_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_filter_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_cancelnew
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_gradient_center_color_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_continue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int right_thumb_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_background_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int place_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int barrierMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_button_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_jewellery_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String company_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_android_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_07
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int overshoot
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String model_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int scale_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_cancel_image_erase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int constraintSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_actionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_progressbar_progress_and_thumb_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnTertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightSkyBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Turquoise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorTertiaryFixedDim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ScaleCardLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int noState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String internation_app_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_dividerAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _83ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.util.List allChilds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Capability
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int quantizeMotionPhase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_dividerInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String modelName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_only_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$font: int quicksand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Variant_region_heightLessThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double netPayable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_album_img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AppBarLayout_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Test_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int subtitle_shadow_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MediaRouteButton_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_26
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_width_ratio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_bar_avatar_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _87ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _271sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_scaleY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_smart_login_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnContainerUnchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_vertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Long mAvailableStock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int uniform
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _526sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_most_rating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_IconButton_Filled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _95ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textureBlurFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tStampTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String banner_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_labels_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mInternationalVideoUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_reset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_bubbleBackgroundRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_24
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_timepicker_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String aadharNo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nNewModalThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_button_share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_RosyBrown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tab_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_maxLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sriv_border_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_8f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_01
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _312sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_enterFadeDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_shadowDx
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_bottom_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_request
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableBottomCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SignInButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int helperTextEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_actionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultUrlSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Object sellerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_maxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_HeadlineMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lightTransparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_pressed_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawingColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String mask_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Integer isGift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_auto_play
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_like_icon_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_confirm_logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_13_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int UAE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_ratingbar_staron
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _9sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int helperTextTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int share_your_promocode_amp_get_50_in_wallet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mock_diagonalsColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_like_button_liked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int design_fab_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_margin_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int heart_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int gestureInsetBottomIgnored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ClearableTextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int spin_kit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_bounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String discount_applied
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int immediateStop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SandyBrown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int workmanager_test_configuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_cod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int logoDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Test_ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_contactus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _329sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _50ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawableItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_enter_your_pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_textHighlightColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int homeAsUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_toolbar_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _556sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String transactionStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_move
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_volume_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_colorRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_ratingBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_LayoutParams_layout_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_lines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bsd_canceledOnTouchOutside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cancel_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int update_profile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int request_sent_successfull
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_text_input_start_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_progress_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_Sheet_Side_Docked_Container_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_transformInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_autoSizeTextType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask10_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int user_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_min_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.response_data: java.lang.String order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_button_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int mtrl_fast_out_linear_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int out_of_stock_item_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_ratingbar_staroff
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_03_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bottomSheetDragHandleStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int add_to_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_smart_instructions_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int triggerSlack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Integer cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewTStampTextAppearance_tStampTextColorSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_progressbar_progress_and_thumb_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_headerPrimaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int animationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_cast_mute_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_colorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _409sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_CircularProgress_Determinate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_06
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_brandlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_months
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderConfirmButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_messageTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int adjust_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int button3_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_shadowDy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_19_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportMaxChars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_android_valueTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_timepicker_button_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subheaderInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cancel_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_timepicker_minute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _37sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_ser
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_LayoutParams_layout_keyline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse: java.lang.String ResponseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.ResponseDashboard: java.util.List items
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _48sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device DEVICE_TIME_ZONE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePickerDialog_dp_headerSecondaryHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_gamebox_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Teal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_strokeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.Long mQuantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_fa
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_confirm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_colorLess
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableStartCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_rotationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_font
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_months
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_autoCenter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightSteelBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleCentered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_vertical_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_quantizeMotionSteps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _515sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fade_out_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int company_name_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int log_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int margin_xs
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawPath
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_motion_easing_decelerated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _505sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_tracking_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showPaths
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_dropoff
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int borderRound
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_indicatorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int allsize_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_DayTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _191sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DST_OVER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_display_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int overview_panel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_audiotrack_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cast_notification_disconnect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _104sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_zoom_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_autoTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_scrollbarDefaultDelayBeforeFade
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_ImageButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textinput_placeholder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_paddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode FLIP_HORIZONTAL
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_rotation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int month_navigation_fragment_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int content_gallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_left_thumb_color_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_slider_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shadowHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_iv_forget_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textBackgroundRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int info
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_hideAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_highest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_action_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int idBanner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_paddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int messageTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _404sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String generalCategoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_star_half_black_48dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_6d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int done
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_rippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int location_permission_missing_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String androidVersion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_NavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_dropdown_arrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int icon_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String transaction_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_dropDownWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Toolbar_OnSurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int test_AppSplashTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String trackingLink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rangeFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _90sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_failed_image_erase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int promocode_ar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int button1_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultTitleSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_65
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int upsdk_cancel_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String address1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_small_label_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device DEVICE_FREE_MEMORY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int add_to_cart_editor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int baseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int contact
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_wear_update_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_width_ratio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int item_view_role_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _34sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Text_CenterStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialCalendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] scv_CropImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int progress_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SimpleDialog_di_radioButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_verify_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SideSheet_Modal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _568sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tvImageCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND NONE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _341sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int progress_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_lineSpacingExtra
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_cast_button_connecting
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderSelection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _517sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String tickets_url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_zoom_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_indicator_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ratingbar_full
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_wrapMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int fragment_open_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int enforceTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shadow_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_wavePeriod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _55ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkCyan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MenuLabelsStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_OrangeRed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_brightness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_motionDebug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialThemeOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_actionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_textDisableColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_marginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int carryVelocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_NoActionBar_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int reverseSawtooth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_fade_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePickerDialog_tp_headerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_action_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_street
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_dialog_material_background_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaskableLayout_mask
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_load_more
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_view_docked_header_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_cart_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_bottom_nav_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.Boolean prepaidServiceable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_chooser_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int request_brand_or_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_shape_square
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int product_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sriv_border_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SideSheet_Detached
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _86sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_volume_group_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_enter_pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value: java.lang.Double cartTotal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_update_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_FixedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _193sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int south
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultMenuTextPaddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int trackorder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String offerCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Item: java.lang.String shippingLevel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceLabelSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int write_feedback
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int reactiveGuide_valueId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_forwardTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_typeface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ViewTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_30_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_panelMenuListWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _484sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.util.List currencies
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_rotationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_dots_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_25_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int extremely_new_row_order_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mug_select_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] DrawerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_rotateDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String image3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialTimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_msg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_onboarding_center
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RangeSlider_minSeparation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pv_autostart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _86ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabUnboundedRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_SmallComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int simpleTabLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int would_like
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int clear_text_end_icon_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_pinHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleView_rd_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_discription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage: java.lang.String thumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_container_highest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_07_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_time_input_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_shadowXOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_animation_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lineSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extendStrategy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _580sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxVelocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_rating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_animateCircleAngleTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_FloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_quantizeMotionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DodgerBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String modalCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int springBoundary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int design_bottom_navigation_item_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int submit_area
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int webLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_strokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int top_item_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemHorizontalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintOverride
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MockView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int app_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int are_u_sure_del
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: java.lang.String coverUri
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: java.lang.String dummy_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double totalAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus58sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_bottomRightCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_textStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker: java.lang.String category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int path
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _534sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_verticalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String appImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_17_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_dividerPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Linen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int loadmore_errorlayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_01_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_user_route_category_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int stop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_qty
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_object_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int loopCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_16_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_tStampTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int forget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int insetForeground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_diagonalsColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_NavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int mtrl_linear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_drawPath
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_signup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_hour_suffix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_minute_text_input
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_call
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_meta_subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextAppearanceActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus33sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clickAction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyBottomRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_curveFit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String usdPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_like_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingAccelerated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extendMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_frag_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_fadeScrollbars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _367sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LemonChiffon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_volume_slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_text_button_background_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_enter_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_addButtonSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_group_collapse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _57sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_medium_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_actionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_paddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_carousel_debug_keyline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_zoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_cd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionScene_layoutDuringTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int sp_product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String mask_bitmap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_progressBarImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int save_overlay_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyTimeCycle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_height_ratio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_media_pause_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_dynamic_volume_group_list_item_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MyGallery_android_galleryItemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog_Simple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _446sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_translationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_horizontal_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_37
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int button_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOutline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_failed_image_crop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyFramesAcceleration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.lang.String category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_strokeSecondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer generalCategoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int density
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_Dynamic_Header_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit PERCENT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_arrowAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_pro_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_container_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_medium_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnErrorContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int cardview_default_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int TOP_END
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int startHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_textfield_indicator_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_verticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_address_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_animateCircleAngleTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_includeFontPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dialogCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_editTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int coplanarSiblingViewId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int isMaterial3Theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_paddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteCloseDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableBottomCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int blue_round_size_tshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_Switch_Handle_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_travelDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int include_constraintSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_days_of_week
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _319sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_hideMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_button_blue_bg_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_errorAccessibilityLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorAds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkMarkCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_snackbar_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorAccessibilityLiveRegion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_body_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dotsColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: java.util.List offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int daySelectedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_my_photos
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int searchview_navigation_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_controller_volume_group_list_max_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filter_chip_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_timepicker_pm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _144sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TestThemeWithLineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_HelperText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_retryImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_roundPercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_colorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderToggleButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int image1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int base_url_test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _301sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int frag_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$menu: int main_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_chip_dragged_translation_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _229sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cancel_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getbrand_data: java.lang.String brand_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_control_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_main_pane
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] NarayanBannerAdView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_CoordinatorLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _474sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipSurfaceColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer imageType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_enter_your_brand_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Corner_Right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_enter_otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxStrokeWidthFocused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String dummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Snackbar_snackbarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_loc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_plate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_actionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_16
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_cast_dialog_title_view_placeholder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_FadingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mall_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linear_bottom_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int background_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_chooser_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_update_check_no_new_version
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButtonText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_offer_profile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_21
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String is_cancelable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MotionLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fade_in_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_03
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int region_name_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_download_no_space
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String updated_at
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int security_amp_privacy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteHeaderTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadlineLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offline_opt_in_confirm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus25sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationDrawerDrawable_nd_ripple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String displayHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_minute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int viewTransitionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarDay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MenuButtonsStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int default_web_client_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int ifTagNotSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_original_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rd_btn_popularity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ADD
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_rate_now
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer parentId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAutoCompleteTextView_android_inputType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int password_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_star_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceContainerHighest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_TimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_complain_chat_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Small_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int fastscroll_minimum_range
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_quantizeMotionSteps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int browser_actions_divider_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ProgressView_pv_autostart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Body1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_30_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_control_subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_outgoing_module
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButtonToggleGroup_singleSelection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int change_enter_new_pass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sendBtnIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _217sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_layoutDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_track_thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String user_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_author
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int shipping_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_monthMax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_slider_active_tick_marks_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightCyan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_rippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral24
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _283sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_53
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_media_pause_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_35
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _558sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_admod_medium_rate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int text_null
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int altSrc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_popupmenu_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_src_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Sys_Shape_Corner_Full
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_3_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_item_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_guide_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SHOW_ALL
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_14_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int settings_drag_arrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int model1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_36
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_IconButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int view_billing_test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Empty
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _453sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double giftCharge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _403sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _46ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mall_category_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fab_slide_out_to_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_tooltip_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_dragged_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxImageSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fab_transformation_sheet_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_badge_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_frame_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_BurlyWood
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dp_example
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int relativeLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int offer_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int focusCrop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _422sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_rotation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _569sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_labelStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mask
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_buttonIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _135sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_hideAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _12ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String modalName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SlateBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_type_tv_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double giftCharge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int slDx
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_address_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int yearSelectedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SubsamplingScaleImageView_quickScaleEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_small_fab_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version: java.lang.Integer forcefully
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_constraintRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int topPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int appBarLayoutStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_16_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus17sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int glide_custom_view_target_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_infinite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int native_exit3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_msg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller_orderid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int llChangePassword
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_paypal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_space_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_wish_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_12_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int toolbarId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionHelper_onHide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_09_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int call_notification_screening_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableRightCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_place_on_date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_text_body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ClockHandView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_chip_corner_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _450sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipIconEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_09_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SubsamplingScaleImageView_assetName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mall_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_testing_paypal_demo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_trackColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _213sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int navigationViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_transitionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_ellipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorControlActivated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryVersion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int messageTextColorSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _112sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_widget_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int in_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _596sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_750
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivDone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_85
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_navigation_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_inputTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_timepicker_ok_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_bsd_outDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int def_drawer_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_circularflow_viewCenter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_04_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_pay_by_card
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _76ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_not_available_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemActiveIndicatorStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _22sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_jump_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus44sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_messageTextColorRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int layout5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _89ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int triangle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_code_doted
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int none
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_id_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_IconButton_Filled_Tonal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int dialog_fixed_height_major
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _222sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int custom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_sort
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewInputTextAppearance_inputHintColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_secondary_text_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_43
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_wallet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_42
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_route_text_color_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_altSrc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_YearPicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String cancel_msg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_expandedOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_transparent_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_fixed_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _88sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_HeadlineLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _170sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants mVariants
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus34sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_borderRoundPercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int dialog_fixed_width_major
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_TabPageIndicator_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_showShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FontModel: java.lang.String font_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] BottomAppBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _183sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int new_offers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_popupMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_cf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String refrenceNumber
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_bindfaildlg_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_shadowYOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_bulk_order_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int startIconScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ChatViewMessageTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_jump_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int view_dialog_exit3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_CubeGrid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int product_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.util.List response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_minValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer userPriceValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_bright
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _65sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ch_gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialSwitch_thumbIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.Integer selling
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_assist_chip_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_time_chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_square_ring_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_android_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_cursor_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int NoTitleDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Integer isGift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxBackgroundMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int card_flip_right_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_edit_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_27_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Design_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_no_pic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GifView_loopCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int invalid_otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int startVertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus29sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_submit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _430sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indicatorSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pincode_check_delivery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightSeaGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int side_sheet_accessibility_pane_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_SearchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_dd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultProgressBarHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_large_touch_target
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadioButtonDrawable_rbd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int aspectRatioHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mobile_no_optional
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shortcutMatchRequired
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_arrowInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String displayHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_pressedStateOverlayImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int new_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_range
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_LinearProgress_Query
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linear_gst
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_dividerErrorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_enable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_BodyMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_motion_easing_standard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lightnessSliderView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int color_row_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_rotationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selectorSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_GreenYellow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_buttonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_shadowYOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int targetId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String seller_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_outline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_marginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_8e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_six_pin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_touch_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.String codMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_center_top_left_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int google_app_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int progressBarImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.lang.String img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_rotationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _125sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int smile_rating_okay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_button_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_22
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.String mDummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_arrow_mug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dark_default_color_primary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_chip_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_45
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_full_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomNavigationView_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _578sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int iphone_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_highlight_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_SearchBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MediaRouter_MediaRouteButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_buttonToggleAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_category_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_best
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_rotationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_mutate_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePickerDialog_dp_textHeaderColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bottom_sheet_layout_download_image_text_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indicatorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_transaction_history
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int labelStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int wrap_content_constrained
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_layoutDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String nThumbImage2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_dispatch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_my_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_contac_us
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_rotation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_back_tshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int row_index_key
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_outlined_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_stop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _2sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_browse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SideSheet_Modal_Detached
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int give_us_a_review_landmine_text_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int time_remaining
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Test_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.util.List allChilds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Slider_Label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int right_arrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rbd_innerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int deltaRelative
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_icon_button_unselected_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String cancellation_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int search_for_product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_ProgressView_Linear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_maxValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_wish_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_suggestion_chip_elevated_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _559sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_slider_halo_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hoveredFocusedTranslationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_barrierMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_OutlinedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus56sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_00_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus59sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_background_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_23_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_foreground_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _533sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int table_button_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int frost
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int leftToRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_crop_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_timepicker_window_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int loading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int are_u_sure_want_delete_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _49ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide_reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nMugImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String mobile_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mAppThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_secondary_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lStar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_terms_condi
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_src
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd12color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int marginRightSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_NavigationRail_ActiveIndicator_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_l_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int iv_back_tshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_rotationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSecondaryFixedDim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_bottomRightCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int demo_activity_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _276sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ZoomageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int values
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_window_insets_animation_callback
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized__highlighted_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_cast_route_volume_seekbar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SkyBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_paddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickColorActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_hint_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int clip_vertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_gif
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AppBarLayout_PrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String offerImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_last_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_indicatorAtTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int progressBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int txtTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHighlight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int login_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundInsetBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_0f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_light_theme_holo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int retryImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String androidForcefullyUpdate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_DoubleBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_activity_place_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus49sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int information
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_thumbRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String deliveryAddress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_title_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String orderStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int chronometer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorAnimationDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Today
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textBackgroundPanX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fallback_menu_item_share_link
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_actionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textureEffect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_travelAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_daySelectedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rcv_album
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_1d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_22_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_8a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_on_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _118sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_square
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int emojiCompatEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Aquamarine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabInlineLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String image1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int change
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyCycle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_firstView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Drag_handle_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int network_security_config
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int drag_activity_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int font
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_enter_valid_otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_filter_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String responseStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _437sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_PersonalizedColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionScene_defaultDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String transactionId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _331sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.File: java.lang.String md5sum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hideNavigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputUseEditorAction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _507sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tvDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pass_limit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_button_outline_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int icon_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeWidePadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_intensity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textColorHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SRC
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fill
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int payment_method
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_PrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int editor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_FloatingActionButton_Mini_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_28_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_backgroundTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_scrollbarFadeDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Corner_ExtraSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sendBtnIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String video_url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightPink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_thumbRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int error_color_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int min_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_chooser_route_progress_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int chain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_GhostWhite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.String manufacturer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Sys_Shape_Corner_None
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RippleView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bulk_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_15_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int smile_rating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_product_disp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_neutralActionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _328sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int privacy_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int spinnerItemStyle_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String timezone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_animation_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_visit_website
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_inStepColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Ivory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderLayout_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_LabelLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorButtonNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuRefreshTv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _188sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_cast_route_seekbar_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_19_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _130sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sendBtnBackgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_default_item_skeleton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int text_input_password_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int amount_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int upsdk_update_all_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int centerCrop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int item_facebook_album
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Dark_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_31
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int gift_wrap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_clock_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dialog_back_image_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_stickerview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_like_button_not_liked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_os_notification_fallback_white_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dark_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _113sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_expanded_action_views_exclusive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String zip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_rotationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SearchBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int middleBarArrowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_paid_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int contentPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int placeholder_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_yearMin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_options_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String requestModelId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_maskType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_chip_elevated_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_blendSrc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationLong1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_state_dragged
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_infinite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int transparent_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _503sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_elegantTextHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_00
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_cardMaxElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_primary_fixed_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int share_via
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _10sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int FinestWebViewTheme_Light_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_strokeSecondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_android_checkMark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dividerInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_order_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _70sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int upsdk_third_download_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int m3_alert_dialog_actions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_login_button_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _167sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_clockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_view_com_facebook_preset_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int menusWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textFontWeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String from
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int min_fifty_character
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide_reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_paddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_wrapMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButton_White_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus43sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_grey_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.util.List date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int parentRelative
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_drawer_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_horizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _260sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabUnboundedRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int refund_amp_cancellation_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _314sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] NarayanNativeAdView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int progress_circular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] DesignTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Integer showTracking
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_accessibility_clickable_spans
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_optimizationLevel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Stack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_cast_route_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int oppofone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int CLEAR
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_variant_women
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fragment_instagram
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorindicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int normalColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_text_size_large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_register
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MyGallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extraMultilineHeightEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int CheckoutTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int helper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomSheet_Modal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _334sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int automatic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_centerCurrentTab
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_textLabelColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_sticker_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int settings_pane_header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_addButtonSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.util.List sellerOrder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_9_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_headerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_timepicker_clock_mode_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_extendMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_Badge_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_inAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int keylines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_back_stickerview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int something_went_wrong
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_3b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_transformAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int waveShape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int recyclerView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_type_speaker_group_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int upsdk_app_dl_progress_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_click
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoShrink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableEndCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _464sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_search_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_back_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int forward
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivUser
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_login_button_transparency
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int androidx_core_ripple_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int full_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _233sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_marginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _62ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice userPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_oversize_large_icon_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialSwitch_thumbIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceInverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_refresh_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int postLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_LinearProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask4_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int enableEdgeToEdge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_control_highlight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_17
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_badge_max_character_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int send_otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_shopping_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_inset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int quantizeMotionSteps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_tickSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_EditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _248sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _245sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int request_model_brand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_background_emphasis_high_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_colorRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_picker_route_progress_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_add_high_resolution_image_to_get_high_clearity_product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int copied_to_clipboard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestBlack20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bold_italic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _536sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.lang.Boolean isEditable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_mobile2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_9_16
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_primary_emphasis_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customColorDrawableValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SCREEN
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_edge_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int image_share_filepaths
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.Integer phonecode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int hide_ime_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int snackbarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_7a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_clock_period_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int progress_big_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.Integer selling
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_3c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _299sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxCharacterCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_Slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleTextEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_disp_video
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_motionStagger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_device_auth_instructions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_assist_chip_with_icon_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_order_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardForegroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_52
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_OutlinedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_pickerColorEditTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_headerSecondaryHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int parent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int centerIfNoTextEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _584sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionTelltales_telltales_tailScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_Material3_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int loading_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_triggerReceiver
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_media_play_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_06_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalSlidingPanel_fadeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_save_deselect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int neverCompleteToEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_android_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_SearchBar_Avatar_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int round_rect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingAppBarLayout_LayoutParams_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int last_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_topBottomBarArrowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingTopSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_verticalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_actionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_scrollEffect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: java.lang.Integer stateId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int give_us_a_review_landmine_text_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_lifted
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_reset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_ensureMinTouchTargetSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int main_recycler
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_adhar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inVerticalOrientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_LabelSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int aspectRatioWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int triggerReceiver
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_star_big
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewPager2_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Light_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorErrorContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_drawer_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _207sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int scroll_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_9e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_baselineOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ignoreRequest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_main_page
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Sienna
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_mobile_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] NavigationRailView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_gradient
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _226sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_inStepPercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimaryContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_helper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _196sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_exitFadeDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track: java.lang.String status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_viewTransitionOnPositiveCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_clip_to_children
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_appversion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_bright
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_labelEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _29ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String gATEWAYNAME
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_FloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _108sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_NavigationBarView_ActiveIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rbd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data: java.lang.Integer userExists
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int saturation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_hideOnScroll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_base_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _200sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_no_fnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_chip_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_rotation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int exiting_app_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_framePosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButton_White_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pinHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textBackgroundRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_scaleY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_label_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String relationship
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_dragged_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object newModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestWhite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _481sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_65
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Suggestion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_springBoundary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int prefixTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _582sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actualImageUri
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_sticker_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _27ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Flush
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int com_facebook_smart_device_dialog_fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dragScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_submit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int menus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int bottom_sheet_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ae
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int cast_ic_notification_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_default_testing_image_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int im_printphoto
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spinnerMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int src_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_feedback_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String currentStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int perpendicularPath_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate: java.lang.Integer rotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] BaseProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_confirmation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd20color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_10_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral92
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int oppofseven
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int invisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceDisplayMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_primary_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_barrierDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fallback_menu_item_copy_link
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String country_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int base_url_live
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int sp_arrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Popup_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int logoAdjustViewBounds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int render_type_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_icon_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] DatePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_undo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int horizontalOffsetWithText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int splash_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shrinkMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int guidelineUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse_disable_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cover_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int labelVisibilityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int easeOut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.util.List promoDetail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int single
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_45
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask25_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_wrapBehaviorInParent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer companyId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_23_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_my_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_login_button_transparency
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int RotateDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_verticalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_card_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _162sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_maskType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_spinnerStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$plurals: int mtrl_badge_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_forwardTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int failed_to_delete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int valid_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int activity_close_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Themes_PagerIndicatorStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_fab_hide_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String created_at
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentPaddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_colorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _138sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_4d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response orderDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_fixed_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _115sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Constraint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_add
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String nOfferThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkSlateGray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int text_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_out_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.util.List cities
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_android_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_Compact
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_rotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_dummy_toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _171sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _224sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.Object image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeholder_emptyVisibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeholderTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_forget_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_change_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit MM
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_states
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SpinKitView_SpinKit_Color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_iconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_transformPivotTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Wave
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int main_row
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_appbar_overlay_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_bsd_inDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkGoldenrod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_add_high_resolution_image_to_get_high_clearity_mug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int background_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBoxStates_state_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_04
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_testing_multiple_image_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_motion_triggerOnCollision
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab_select_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_28_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorAccent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: boolean select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_fe
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_dimAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int borderWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String order_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_ImageButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_Dynamic_Body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Honeydew
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _570sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Icon_CenterStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_android_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _73sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer popsocket
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_verticalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _425sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_springDamping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButton_White
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long mIsActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int description_success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_best_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int wallet_balance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_transformDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAutoCompleteTextView_simpleItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_select_city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int instagram_login
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_rotation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int version_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _511sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MintCream
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double discountAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_topRightCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _467sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_pv_secondaryProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_on_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceTitleLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.Integer currencyId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialRadioButton_buttonTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int match_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_button_exit_transfer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButtonToggleGroup_android_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_only_front
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_resizenew
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _62sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int test_mtrl_calendar_day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestSilver
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linear_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral92
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_ThreeBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String order_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewMessageTextAppearance_messageTextColorRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_WanderingCubes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_pinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral98
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int labelBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String wa_india
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int left_thumb_image_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$raw: int new_gif
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialTimePickerStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _495sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_9c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_title_rate_app
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral87
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderToggleButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _432sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _100ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_dayMax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input_Icon_Elevated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_pivotX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int what_s_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int popupPromptView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_thanks
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Variant_region_heightMoreThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask25_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_MonthTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_rippleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int hms_progress_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_check_mark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_layoutDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: int resCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Integer general_category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Panel_CenterStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_feedback
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_login_fragment_progress_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestBlack05
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_button_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int category_not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.Integer productId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit PX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circularProgressIndicatorStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_done
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.Integer codAvailable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_27
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String modelId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_admob_free_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _567sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String user_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_ElevatedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upload_fail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_showLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestBlack30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int s3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int autoComplete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LimeGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int elevationOverlayEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_trackCap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dragThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_colorDisabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_guidelineUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_rail_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabCustomSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ChipGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dialog_image_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Chocolate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_group_volume_route_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTextView_android_lineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_item_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_db
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int left_thumb_color_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_done
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_HeadlineSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_activity_theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_auth_dialog_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorWhite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int office_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int adSizes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_clockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerFamilyTopRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bsd_cancelable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_reset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int wallet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_checkbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _358sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_limitBoundsTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_selection_control_ripple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_5_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_placeholder_placeholder_emptyVisibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_bottomnub
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_dropoff
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: java.lang.Integer whiteMug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_lightnessSliderView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_font_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_BottomLeftDifferentCornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int my_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask4_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int reactiveGuide_animateChange
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: java.lang.Boolean success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int accelerate_cubic
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_primaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _210sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_showShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_add_high_resolution_image_to_get_high_clearity_phone_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusTopStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_12_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorGrayAds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceBody2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_05_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_33
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textBackgroundZoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_translationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_84
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_dividerErrorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_headerPrimaryHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_barrierDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _500sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _285sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaskableLayout_anti_aliasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int otptext
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int table_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_textfield_label_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _452sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus8sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int _short
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int slide_left_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestGray20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_actionTextColorAlpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_18
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: java.util.List cartItems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimaryVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_textFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Integer isCancellable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_label_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SubsamplingScaleImageView_src
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_pincode_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_ProgressView_Linear_Query
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int minTouchTargetSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int third_app_dl_progressbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int barSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_clock_toggle_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_correct_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int toggleCheckedStateOnClick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer mall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_scaleY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_soundEffectsEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialButtonToggleGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _272sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _278sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SearchView_Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String oRDERID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer phonecode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int title_template
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SpinKitView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeholderImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_bubbleElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_ok
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_labelTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_call_to_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_display_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_85
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_paddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _90ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int src_over
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_hand_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_hideAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelInAnim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode DRAG
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_header_text_color_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$array: int Country_Type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int height_full_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_chip_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int defaultScrollFlagsEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delete_address_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_pivotY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer zone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_autoResetMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String nMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int app_not_installed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _400sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int constraint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_dynamic_dialog_header_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_header_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode DELETE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int payable_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceLabelMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String shipping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_leadingZero
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _204sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_waveOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_yearMin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialSwitch_trackDecorationTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_layout_snackbar_include
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_extended_fab_text_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_meta_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int t_shirts
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_leftPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_constraint_referenced_tags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int WideDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialSearchViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int path_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_colorIntermediate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int track_webview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeHolderSmileColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_scrollbarSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _365sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_minEms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _52ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnSecondaryFixedVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _346sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customFloatValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int WaitingDots_period
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_framePosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_translucent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fl_shimemr
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTextAppearance_android_lineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_08_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_transitionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _38ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState ANCHORED
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabCradleVerticalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ProgressView_pv_progressStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_invalid_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int m3_alert_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bottomsheet_action_expand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardPreventCornerOverlap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_white
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_26_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.Integer is_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int strike
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int flat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedIconMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_textHighlightColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_errorShown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int old_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_positiveActionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_table_button_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_iv_pay_now
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_marginHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int items_by_folder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_13_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_reverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String nThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_PaleVioletRed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_chip_anim_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer generalCategoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int alert_border_red
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mDummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_24_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_angle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int your_order_is_delivered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String mMobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _557sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day_Selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int parallaxOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceLabelLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_reflow_chipgroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_medium_template_top_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int anim_length
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_backwardTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CardView_Outlined
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int size_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_26_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_paypal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int invalid_mobile_num
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int never
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data otp_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer parentId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MotionTelltales
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_transformPivotX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_add_photo_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_alwaysFillThumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Egypt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorControlNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_minute_tv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_most_popu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_dividerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.String groupMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nModalThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rlMainContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int fastscroll_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int test_mtrl_calendar_day_cornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int min_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_old_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_completionThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_LinearProgress_Buffer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_6a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_headerSecondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_re_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _88ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _201sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String mImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_picker_header_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAutoCompleteTextView_simpleItems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewMessageTextAppearance_messageTextColorSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _510sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sent_to
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_YellowGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_control_title_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultDividerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundedCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_messageTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int privacy_amp_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.util.List allChilds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_hovered_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State NONE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_android_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_meta_art
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: java.lang.String ResponseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _318sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int appBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_is_spoof
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _547sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int color_green
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus39sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_enter_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnPrimaryFixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_timestamp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int title1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Integer quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_animateCircleAngleTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorError
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_right_thumb_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int name_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_order_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_action_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int content_open_gallery
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult DEVELOPER_KEY_INVALID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _293sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShadowLayout_slShadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _79ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask10_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_scrollHorizontally
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _265sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menuGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int masked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int track_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String createdAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Boolean mInWishlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Gold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIndicatorFullWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selectionRequired
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int onShow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_on_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_panelMenuListTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_neutralActionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String modalName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _219sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String maskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_editTextBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _478sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int img_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int tooltip_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_tStampTextColorSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_format
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_card_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceContainerHigh
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int project_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int business
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarTabStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int FinestWebViewTheme_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rotationCenterId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_media_view_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_seller_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int cast_ic_notification_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sharedValueSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_input_chip_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year_Today
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int handle_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceContainerLowest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Object mDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_dayTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialIconButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_textinput_timepicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int v_styleId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_currentState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_primary_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _180sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_route_divider_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _68sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input_Elevated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_LayoutParams_layout_anchorGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$raw: int consumer_onesignal_keep
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int view_dialog_exit1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_strict
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_05
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_moveWhenScrollAtTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_transformDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_group_expand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ChatView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeTopLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _356sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarFullscreenTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_elevated_card_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_lineSpacingMultiplier
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_card_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_94
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sriv_left_top_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TonalButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int search_category_name_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int font_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: java.lang.Double cartTotal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int sp_example
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_guidelineUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_controller_volume_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_45
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sort_by_newest_first
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_surface_emphasis_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_actionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_highest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadlineMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_PowderBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device DEVICE_LANGUAGE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Accordion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int send_feedback
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int pin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_previousState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int report_drawn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_tabs_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_66
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String contactSupportTiming
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_filled_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_dimension
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_on_apply_window_listener
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_send_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TestThemeWithLineHeightDisabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_singleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_clear_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int slow_connect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_auto_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rzp_theMainMagicView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int resend_otp_ar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int CardView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_left_thumb_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int need_help
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Integer is_cancellable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int compatShadowEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_snackbar_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_rippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String shipping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int up_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _258sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_FixedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SwipyRefreshLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_iconLineMorphing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_playback_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Params
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _363sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_jump_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_09
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int test_mtrl_calendar_day_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_saveFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_dragThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_home_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuFind
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_home_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeBottomLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Purple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightYellow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V12_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dividerInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data cart_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_repositoryLink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_mug_test_main_row_default_image_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_case_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.String notificationID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int search_phone_brand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_MonthTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int imageRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral94
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_horizontalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_grey_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int labeled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int WaitingDots_dotsColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _156sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller_promo_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String dateTime
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mr_controller_volume_group_list_animation_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int async
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Panel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus5sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ads_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int list_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnSurfaceVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_IconButton_Filled_Tonal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_roundedCorners
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_24Hour
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconCheckable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _54sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_completionHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bubbleElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _6sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textureWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _416sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int img_face
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_2f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _323sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_minute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int center
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _457sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sign_in_ll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int loading_native_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_delayClick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int use_code_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int cardview_default_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _448sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int centerInside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_45
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_textDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_business_name_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_54
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_offsetAlignmentMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int vivovseven
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _294sdp
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult SERVICE_MISSING
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_12_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationLong4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.StickerModel: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Notification: java.lang.Boolean isAppInFocus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_tStampTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClockFaceView_clockNumberTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int marginTopSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus53sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.util.List orderItems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_navigation_rail_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeErrorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_group_expand_collapse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int queryPatterns
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_TextInputLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_label_square_side
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] State
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _488sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Test_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RadialViewGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int not_support_device
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_stroke_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _216sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String isp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int activity_open_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionEffect_motionEffect_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int page
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_hand
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabCradleMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pv_circular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_strokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.Integer displayCodButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_corner_full_corner_family
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pick_image_intent_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_model_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_wrapMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String sTATUS
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_peek_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_update_nettype
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_smart_login_confirmation_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int constraintSetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_crop_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Crimson
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ExpandIconView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_pv_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int CustomAlertDialogStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int square
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textView4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_00
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab_select_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_input_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_android_scaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int hms_message_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int request_model_already_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_dayMax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rangeSeekbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_locket_img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_controller_volume_group_list_item_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_circularflow_angles
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_dividerPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_maxScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int navigation_header_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rbd_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_actionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_halfExpandedRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_view_full_screen_header_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _563sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int direct
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerLayout_shimmer_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomNavigationView_PrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int dark_transparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adUnitId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _447sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _531sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_android_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_scrim_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_switch_track_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_share_now
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_dialog_close_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_FilledButton_Container_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hintEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int west
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _31ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_actionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnTertiaryFixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_short1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_not_granted
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_arrowSwitchMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_plus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_popupBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_close_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int period
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int native_ad_unit_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int watermark_label_prefix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int list_empty
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_tick_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_view_com_facebook_is_cropped
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus24sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int forever
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevated_disabled_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_SubmenuArrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_doubleTapToZoomScaleFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_thumbRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int change_confirm_pass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_MultiplePulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int WaitingDots_jumpHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int triggerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_FadingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_yes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Lavender
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int image_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int line1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int above_shadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialogcomplain_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rbd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_cancel_add_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_region_recycler
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int staggered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_02_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ltr
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indicator_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_filled_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fade_out_fast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int frag_home_cantainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int nn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuOpenWithTv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab_select_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _199sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int staticLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_barrierDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_cardForegroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_goneMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_actualImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LineMorphingDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rd_btn_rating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_7_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_enter_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int save_non_transition_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int toolbar_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_small_blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _82sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_category_desp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _54ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_in_button_long
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int springStiffness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialRadioButton_useMaterialThemeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _40sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_topInsetScrimEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_stepValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SRC_OVER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int model_not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus2sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_dragScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperTextEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Red
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int statusbarutil_translucent_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int round_rect_blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_outAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int inward
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int notifications_permission_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_card_transparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _546sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_translationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String paid_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int moveWhenScrollAtTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_insta_login
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _33sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_05_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorScheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String selling
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _21ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_calendar_item_disabled_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusTopEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ignore
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_bg_button_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_logoScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bubbleBackgroundRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dragDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _84ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkSeaGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Instagram
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String display_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_month
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_checkable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid: java.lang.String userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_3_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkTurquoise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_drawPath
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Chip_Assist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.Integer selling
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _412sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_cast_seekbar_thumb_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_chip_disabled_translation_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _303sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_SnackBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_scaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btnClear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indicatorInset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int touchRegionId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_19_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_buttonCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int fab_add
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _41ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_standard_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_guidelineUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String mugImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_fb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_button_send_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offline_notification_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_day_of_week
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int forget_ar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_app_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIndicatorGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _438sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_pivotAnchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int image_not_exist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportMaxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_unit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_constraint_referenced_ids
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_route_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int LoadingDots_dots_size_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus42sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mall_variant_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerSizeBottomLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _595sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String modelId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextAppearanceInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String nOfferThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_store_url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_period_toggle_horizontal_gap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_picker_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _256sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomNavigationView_ActiveIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorPrimaryDark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int with_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_transformPivotY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_final_screen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SignInButton_scopeUris
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyTopLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Fuchsia
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String zip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_autoResetMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int closest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_collapse_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_messageTextColorSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rcv_album_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_favorites
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_14
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_translate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_showAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_1_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int webView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_fontFeatureSettings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_dummy_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_layout_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_inputTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_tabs_default_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int animateToEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_track_decoration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_dividerVertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int src_atop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CardView_Elevated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_select_case
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int webview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_display_and_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_nextState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_trackColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int shadowLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int touchAnchorSide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_quantizeMotionPhase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int line3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_disabled_translation_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_33
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_10_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_wish_list_disp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int upsdk_category_button_select_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Thistle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_dividerAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layoutDuringTransition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _380sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_transformInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_share_pro
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fancy_activity_custom_case_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.Integer model_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_number_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String tutorialLink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int text_view_with_line_height_from_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_SnackBar_Mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_default_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _14sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_mask_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String image3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fl_adplaceholder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_polarRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int browse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int submenuarrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clockFaceBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FlowLayout_lineSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusTopStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputEditText_textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_dayMin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int DialogNoAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String nImage2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntAdGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_frame_stroke_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_not_available_open_settings_option
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int notification_permission_name_for_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _588sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TestStyleWithThemeLineHeightAttribute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ZoomOut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customIntegerValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingTopSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_85
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int circle_center
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String appThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightCoral
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ViewPager2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menu_yellow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceSubtitle1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_labelStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _322sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_22
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_contact_us
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int deriveConstraintsFrom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tvName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_select_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int size_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _92sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int startIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_drawer_standard_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_thumbColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _550sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _198sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWidePadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Corner_None
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Yellow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_slider_active_track_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int _byte
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_actionText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int counterclockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _7ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subtitleCentered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_loop_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_help
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_plus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bsd_dimAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_buttonSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_translation_z_hovered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ZoomOutSlide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_cc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_no_transaction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialAlertDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dayStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_DisplaySmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _28sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _477sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteButtonTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Gray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _486sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_minScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int banner_img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_smart_device_instructions_or
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int subtitle_shadow_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_anchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int model_request
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _413sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ProgressView_pv_progressMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_android_ellipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_media_stop_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerLayout_shimmer_gradient_center_color_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_04_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int relativeLayout2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_name_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus31sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_chip_surface_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_bottom_nav_item_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_14
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy: java.lang.String privacyPolicy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer is_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Tan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_prefixTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_65
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_27_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_TextInputLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int os_bgimage_notif_bgimage_right_aligned
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int design_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_textinput_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_switch_thumb_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int emptyVisibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_left_thumb_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_NavigationRailView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Pulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int test_custom_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_addButtonColorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_15
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String paid_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomSheet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialShape_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linear_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CollapsingToolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mirror
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int liftOnScrollColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppTheme_PopupOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int helperWithError
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int rzp_loader
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_chainUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int address_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _428sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_CornflowerBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_android_windowIsFloating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _545sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_have_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_failureImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_paytm_num
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String videoUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _57ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_cardCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_750
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int have_you_find_your_brand_or_model_if_not
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_headline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int topInsetScrimEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_chooser_list_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Notification: java.lang.Boolean shown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int decelerate_quint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_02_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _491sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: java.util.Vector albumPhotos
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_guide_stroke_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_size_large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_addButtonColorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_Dynamic_Body_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int display_always
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_Ripple_Touch_MatchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_6b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_PaleTurquoise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _100sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int yes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int progressBarImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.String prepaidMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_privacy_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int term_cond_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_62
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_thumb_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_trackCap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail: java.lang.Integer locket_detail_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _158sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int north
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_dialog_groupable_header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_29_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemIconPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_search_black_24
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: java.lang.Integer magicMug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_images_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_textNonSelectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _597sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.paypal_model: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Paypal_data_model data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_suffixTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bottom_to_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_mime_types
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_share
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PropertySet_android_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask4_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivDelete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra extra
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_chainUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_facebook_albumlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_scaleFromTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int payment_trans_failed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int linearProgressIndicatorStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_more
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumVioletRed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode DELETE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerLayout_shimmer_angle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_checkedChip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String transactionStatus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_highlighted_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String businessType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _89sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_positiveActionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_method
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textBackgroundZoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_transformPivotTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String country_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _83sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String international_n_mug_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_NavigationDrawer_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult SERVICE_DISABLED
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _157sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_shipping_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int FLOWER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_labelEnable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_chainUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _324sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundBottomRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String transactionId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus60sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.String code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonResend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Translucent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _48ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_repeat_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_preview_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: java.lang.Boolean success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _542sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomSheet_Modal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd13color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_loop_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_row_item_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_offer_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_colorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_textColorError
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_adhaar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory mGeneralCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _255sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppTheme_AdAttribution
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _327sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SimpleDialog_di_itemTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_disabled_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_text_view_test_line_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_items
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceOverline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_05_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonIconDimen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int relative_mug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_third_app_dl_sure_cancel_download
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int onesignal_fade_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_58
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_drawPath
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String banner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_2b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String nModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_TextButton_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAutoCompleteTextView_android_popupElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus18sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _122sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int remove_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_internal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Themes_SliderStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_draggable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int framePosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String aadharNo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int neverCompleteToStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevated_hovered_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_whats_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_Slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_backgroundOverlayColorAlpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String dateTime
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_text_row_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PropertySet_visibilityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_ProgressView_Linear_Determinate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int location_permission_settings_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _468sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_horizontal_alignment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_1c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_elegantTextHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int activity_open_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_25_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_messenger_blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_addButtonStrokeVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_rippleAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_showAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String rESPMSG
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int spline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fragment_container_view_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int coordinator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_openDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int asConfigured
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWithTextShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_filter_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: float mScaleFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int fastscroll_default_thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_cancelation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int zipcode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_canceledOnTouchOutside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String mugImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String country_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _357sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_elevationCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClearableAutoCompleteTextView_clearIconDrawWhenFocused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_backgroundImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mock_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceBodySmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_check_pincode_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int animateCircleAngleTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_action_done
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textureHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dropdown_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_button_foreground_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_elevated_chip_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SubsamplingScaleImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _36ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object mugImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerLayout_shimmer_reverse_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _461sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_key
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String thumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_prepaid_offer_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_inline_banner_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_paint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_25_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableRightCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int borderRoundPercent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_animationDelayPerItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int uvv_gray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_selectableItemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int back_pressed_transaction_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ToolBarStyle_Base
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_63
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_addElevationShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track response
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _424sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_navigationIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int admob_close_button_black_circle_white_cross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int transition_transform
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_motionStagger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_navigate_to_current_year_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_brand_model_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_alertDialogStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClockFaceView_clockFaceBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_UnelevatedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int main_card
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundTopRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List multiple_variants
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_44
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_animate_relativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_labelEnable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionTelltales_telltales_velocityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circularflow_defaultAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_placeholder_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_left_thumb_image_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int centerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemShapeFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_video
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_district
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int customPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_finished_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _374sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_RadioButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_text_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int animateNavigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _127sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value: java.util.List cartItems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_prepend_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_maxElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelOutAnim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buffer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data: java.lang.Integer otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND COLOR
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_bottom_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_delayClick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_hint_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_negativeActionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_actions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnPrimaryContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialSwitch_trackDecoration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int placeholder_grey
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_14
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_year
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int are_you_sure_you_want_to_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int porterduffxfermode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.Integer lockScreenVisibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_82
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int withText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_rippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_app_download_info_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int constraintSetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceListItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintLayout_placeholder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_guide_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int shimmer_container_native
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_marginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_imagePanX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchview_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_outline_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data cart_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_outline_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_bc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_cast_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int radial
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_bar_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator_Medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_sentence_storage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.util.List frameDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask4_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String modal_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_removeOnDismiss
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_bottomPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int dummyprice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fill_vertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_forgetpassword_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_dividerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ThemableView_v_styleId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int imageView1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Subtitle1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_paytm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int reverseLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_border_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _50sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_internet_permission_error_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_restrictBounds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Notification: java.lang.Integer displayType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusTopEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_47
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String city
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int gst_charges
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_pincode_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_Alert_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_placeholderTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fallback_menu_item_open_in_browser
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _298sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_announce_current_range_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClearableEditText_clearIconDrawWhenFocused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_valid_mobile_no_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int paytm_mobile_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.util.List countries
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circularflow_radiusInDP
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_outlined_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _166sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ad
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus15sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String is_gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _371sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_listener
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int notifications_permission_decline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask19_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MediaRouter_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_learn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Small_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_picker_header_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_textAlignment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_confirm_logout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_05_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _154sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Goldenrod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceDisplaySmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _202sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customReference
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int approve
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_colorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int thumb_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int top_to_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int pro_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_RotatingPlane
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_media_pause_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_stop_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int onTouchUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int activity_margin_half
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_row
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_typeface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_textfield_input_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_PeachPuff
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_type_speaker_group_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Foreground2Background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int qty_cannot_less
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int app_open
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_liftOnScroll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textOutlineThickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_fab_show_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_draggable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipSpacingVertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subheaderColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_cursor_inset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_cancel_video_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_loader_circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int transition_current_scene
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_nestedScrollable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_tv_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int constraints
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int paypal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_info_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _549sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeBottomRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int are_you_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressIndicator_indicatorDirectionCircular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_small_white
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_promo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_hint_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_total_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int yearStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String seller_price_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_Ripple_Touch_MatchView_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_corner_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_cast_group_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_verticalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeIconEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FlowLayout_itemSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_cancelled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.Integer totalPages
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$startSmsRetriver$1: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$SmsCallback $smsCallback
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_polarRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int snackbar_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _75sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationExtraLong2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _45ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ThemeEnforcement
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_5b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.String fromProjectNumber
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pass_change_successfully
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int contiguous
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxAcceleration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int design_fab_hide_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_light_theme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_scaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextViewAppearance_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog_TimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int compress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Silver
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _575sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_pm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_inset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Suggestion_Elevated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int want_to_save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int checkbox_themeable_attribute_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int minute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String transaction_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: java.lang.String thumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab_faceactivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _94sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_SearchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_dividerPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_editTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_un_wish_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _197sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _145sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int constraint_referenced_ids
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _238sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.String mPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus45sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.Integer categoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int sb_progress_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int emui_master_subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_250
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_gray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_6f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String currencySymbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceCornerLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _524sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String image1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_paddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _297sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _44sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_display_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_showShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dynamicColorThemeOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_translucent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTextAppearance_android_letterSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_progressBarImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _361sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int fragment_open_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_Badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int submit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pressedStateOverlayImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pickerColorEditTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_PapayaWhip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_waveShape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_thumbTouchRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int paid_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_Test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_YearNavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_delete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_full
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TestStyleWithLineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_shadowDy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_progress_showBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _497sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hint_enter_text_here
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_waveVariesBy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIndicatorAnimationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titlePositionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _290sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_bsd_dimAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_native_free_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int etOldPassword
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_IAPTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppTheme_AppBarOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_m3_chip_check
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_waveDecay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_21_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int txtId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCardViewFilledStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int call_notification_ongoing_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_bsd_cancelable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String courier_link
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int brightness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int logomakr_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String iosForcefullyUpdate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_27_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_sendBtnIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd14color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_touchRegionId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_quantizeMotionSteps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_85
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.util.List sqlist1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_dialog_area
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_gst_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_base_vmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int imageZoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_app_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingLinear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_positiveActionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_clockface_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_drawingColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_buttonStyleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_constraint_referenced_tags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_maxElementsWrap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask1_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Saudi
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_00_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _92ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int main_recyclerview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_sriv_border_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_help
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int registration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_rotationCenterId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_retry_round_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$font: int pnuregular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.Integer image_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.String sortname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.Long mId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rvAlbum
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int src
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumSlateBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CardView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_send_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_poweredby
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_viewAspectRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int arcMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_discreteMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_TextAppearance_SimpleDialog_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_16
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_card_view_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePickerDialog_tp_leadingZero
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_MediumComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int reverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.Double paid_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int new_bg_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int timerText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_indicatorHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _501sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_verticalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputFilledStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_surface_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragClockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int first_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int selector_button_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _330sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int addElevationShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_card_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData pinCodeData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int color_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int card_cod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int topBottomBarArrowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_forceKeyboard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorAnimationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_selectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call_answer_video
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_expandedHintEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int adhaar_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_shadowYOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _386sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_14
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_intensity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String nMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _5ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int statusBarForeground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_your_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int slDy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_minute_suffix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_x
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_SecondaryText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTextView_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int mr_linear_out_slow_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MotionEffect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_transaction_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_tickColorInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_tabPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_04_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_cancelable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_dimAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int fab_size_mini
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_PaleGoldenrod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int _50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_paddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_help
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _508sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppTheme_Button_Borderless
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntWhite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_dialog_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mWebThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ivNext
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int round_border_tshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int modal_activity_open_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _11sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cradle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int offsetAlignmentMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dialog_three_dot
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int color_cursor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_activity_phone_auth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_transitionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_68
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_hoveredFocusedTranslationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int useMaterialThemeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Snackbar_TextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceLargeComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_loop_start_delay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_call_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int popupMenuBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String dummy_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int simpleItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String nOfferNewThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_NavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _101sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_font_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int detail_extremely_new_row_order_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int comming_soon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_required
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_chipSpacingVertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rety_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int design_password_eye
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_restrictBounds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_strokeCap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_default_color_primary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_15_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int promocode_validation_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colorPrimary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_back_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_send_icon_white
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int native_headline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int actions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _151sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_highlighted_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MotionLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String transactionId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_label_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String offerCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String qty
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pv_secondaryProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int headertext
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxCollapsedPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_fab_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SendFloatingActionButton_fab_plusIconColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_slider_inactive_track_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int invalid_email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int download_failed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _43sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int push_cat_body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object nMugThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_reverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colortitle1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int falcon_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_disableChildrenWhenDisabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_alwaysFillThumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_thumbBorderSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_22_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintLayout_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_marginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String modalName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_calendar_selected_range
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String modelName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_PrimaryText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_get_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_verticalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_android_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_bottom_sheet_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_outline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_thumbElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_Colored_Compact
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_angryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textPanX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int loading_dots_dot
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CustomAttribute
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _187sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String disp_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_btn_anim_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rbd_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_start_date_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String mask_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_hint_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus10sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _266sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _347sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ScaleCardLayout_aspectRatioHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Params_behavior_peekHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fragment_facebook
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _25sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_clear_history
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filter_chip_with_icon_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_primaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_pucharse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int imageView2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int enable_service_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_singleSelection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_5c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_pickerTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int clear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int picker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: java.lang.String resMsg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int banner_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_admod_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_disabled_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fab_transformation_scrim_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_rate_appp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List productImages
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_meta_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_positiveActionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_fix_gap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_suggestion_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _310sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Transition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fitEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_motion_snapshot_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spinBars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_auto_play
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_constraint_referenced_tags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_text_input_password_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String wa_saudi
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_add_image_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_extended_fab_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Sys_Shape_Corner_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_choices_container_load
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int height_native_ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int modal_activity_close_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fullscreen_header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int circularflow_angles
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int titlebar_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_03_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int appicon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_add_to_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double discountAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteDefaultIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_move
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_DayOfWeekLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int total_payable_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String nImage1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_BodySmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customPixelDimension
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.String dummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_dialog_actions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_animateRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_topnub
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_failed_video_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.Integer is_branch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _509sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _103sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_logo_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_switchStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int display_pager_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int fragment_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_4c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_hideNavigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int hwpush_trans_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GifView_freezesAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int sdp_example
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_06_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_scaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_hour_tv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mr_cast_volume_slider_layout_animation_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String user_price_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _270sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_arrowAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundOverlayColorAlpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int msg_token_fmt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _561sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _419sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CardView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_titleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_cursorVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int button2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_canceledOnTouchOutside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuCopyLinkTv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_OliveDrab
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode CLICK
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int default_bottom_left_indicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Body_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_min_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DST_IN
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _377sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_input_chip_unselected_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constrainedWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String tXNID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_verticalOffsetWithText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_LabelMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ButtonCancelPick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int indigo_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_android_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_change_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_viewTransitionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int MULTIPLY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int design_fab_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ZoomIn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _2ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_content_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_login_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus46sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String total_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int defaultMarginsEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_scaleY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int marquee
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mr_controller_volume_group_list_fade_out_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call_decline_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_padding_side
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int retry
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int pager_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu_ListPopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumOrchid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String regionName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_paddingTopSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String shipping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String track_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_small_cta_button_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customIntegerValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int slide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconCheckable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionsMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_39
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_auxiliary_view_position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnTertiaryFixedVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_DisplaySmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_dividerPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_HarmonizedColors_Empty
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _523sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _148sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_wavePhase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ToolBarStyle_Event
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _552sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fragOne_rv_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_motion_postLayoutCollision
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_bg_exit_dialog3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call_decline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int queryHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DynamicColors_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dialog_resume_loading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd10color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int autoCompleteToStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_formal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_colorRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int txtContinuePurchase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_min_touch_target_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String PREPAIDOFFER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_apply
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperTextTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int transitionDisable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemTextAppearanceActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_NavigationDrawer_ActiveIndicator_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_buttonSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int splash_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int rate_app
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String lastname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _421sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_DayOfWeekLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemVerticalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_insta_unselected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_Ripple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String contactEmail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int password_toggle_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int square_grey
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int angryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rzp_outerbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String reciever
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State DRAG
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_saturation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int messageTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String mName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_album_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_back_black_24
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_inAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String webImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Variant_region_widthLessThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _587sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SmileRating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int imagePanX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_yearTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Suffix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_container_lowest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Body_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_for_women
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _338sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _110sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Picker_Date_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_18_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int transaction_history
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_dividerAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Toolbar_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_light_static
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SimpleDialog_di_messageTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_arrowPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.Integer codAvailable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_login_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String iosVersion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _244sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingEmphasized
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int startIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Clock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_type_speaker_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String order_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_chip_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_push_google
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_dialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_13_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ratio_3_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int didn_t_recieve_your_otp_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String companyId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mall_variant_deselect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemIconSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _38sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int type_complaint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_album_art
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.util.List sqlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_letterSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask25_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_toolbarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_corner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadioButtonDrawable_rbd_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Small_Tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntGray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_sort
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String offerCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _414sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_08_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _259sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_inAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_21
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_translationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_language_hindi
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_7b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_marginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_request
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int left_thumb_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int layout_root
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$raw: int firebase_common_keep
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd16color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int list_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabContentStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String street1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState COLLAPSED
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int otp_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String coupon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_received
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int already_have_an_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String offer_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textinput_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int shopping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int offer_eng
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_navigationIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int quantity_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int side_sheet_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int show_always
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int m3_motion_fade_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long mPosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_8_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_trackThickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorShown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shipper_mask_3_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mug_mask
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_3f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_06
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppTheme_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _212sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_appbar_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_minTouchTargetSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nNewModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_wavePeriod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus36sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int PickerEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _19ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_wrapBehaviorInParent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int CubeIn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_drawableStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_textEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scopeUris
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_thumbBorderSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_transformAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_backgroundAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_maxElementsWrap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _532sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DynamicColors_DayNight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _302sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_backgroundSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_cancel_reason
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_reverse_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_social_context
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int frag_cover_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int next
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int swipyrefreshlayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int list_item_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_cast_group_volume_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnSecondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_brand_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rcv_images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int imageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int haloRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int splash_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_star_black_48dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_strokeJoin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int error_icon_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_level
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCardViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _571sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultMenuLayoutMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_14
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int waveDecay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_saturation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_negativeActionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _9ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pv_progressStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_tickRadiusInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: java.lang.String body
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DynamicColors_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_action_clickable_span
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusBottomStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_44
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClearableTextInputEditText_clearIconDrawWhenFocused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_00_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_RoyalBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter: java.lang.Boolean check
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_ellipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_neutralActionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titlePositionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String address4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: java.lang.Integer stickerCatid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int elevated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int m3_side_sheet_slide_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int verification
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int spring
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int question
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int slCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_trackSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_direction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int toolbarSurfaceStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_transformInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _565sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_text_size_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_02_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int on
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_transformPivotX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int transition_layout_save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_timepicker_textinput_display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_2e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_paddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_home_main_ac
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_colorRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer parentId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.String mResponseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_order_items
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _176sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_drawableBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int mtrl_linear_out_slow_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int sub_row_mall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_inputTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_minLineWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customColorValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_rangeFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int no_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pivotAnchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_buttonBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_7c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_xout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Panel_CenterStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int product_information
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mDiscount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_SearchBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_disableChildrenWhenDisabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pv_progressMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_select_region
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _263sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_24_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_hint_foreground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int WanderingCubes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_cast_thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_28
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_auth_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response: java.lang.Integer canPlaceOrder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_text_field_disabled_active_indicator_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String transactionId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _227sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _13sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_chooser_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer WallWoodenCanvasFrame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String states
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_actionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Design
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SHOW_PROGRESS
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String landmark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_YearPicker_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_card_anim_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_sharpness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String international_video_url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textColorError
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int suffixText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_aa
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int emui_master_body_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_choice_update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_dither
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_hideNavigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call_answer_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_fc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_MultiplePulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_radiobutton_ripple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_img_src
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int coordinatorLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_default_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int region_widthMoreThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_chat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.Integer userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_yes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_30_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int bevel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int enable_system_alarm_service_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_addButtonColorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customStringValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Variant_region_widthMoreThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _11ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnClick_clickAction
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_android_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int choose_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_photo_pickup_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_TabPageIndicator_Fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AppBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_circularflow_defaultRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.String modelName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _426sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_polarRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_tv_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_density
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_native_fan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd12color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_company_mobile_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_guidelineUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_horizontalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_meta_black_scrim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _494sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bar_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_Circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_period_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_lock_update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tab_instagram_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_Pulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_timepicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_placeholderImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_select_country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int llEdit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_album_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonRotateRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: java.lang.Boolean success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _353sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int test_level_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shouldRemoveExpandedCorners
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_route_divider_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int clear_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int touch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double totalAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_steps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _56ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _1sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_gallery_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_arrow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_FloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_switch_track_height
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult ERROR_CONNECTING_TO_SERVICE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerFamilyBottomRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_outAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_reset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _541sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DimGray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mWebImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_long_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int State_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarMonth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_animateNavigationIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int color_widget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_8_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int acton_down_fill_dot
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_scaleY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: java.lang.String privacyPolicy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_marginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleCollapseMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomNavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NarayanNativeAdView_layoutLoading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_singleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String nOfferImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: java.lang.String time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_registration_succes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Carousel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int SliderStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_hint_username
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_touch_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_edit_delete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Panel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _30ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_android_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _102sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String customername
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_divider_thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeCornerFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_trackHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _476sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mobile_no_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _292sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String cod_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String image3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_thumb_logo_potrait
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchPrefixText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_indicatorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int gcm_defaultSenderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_add_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_wait
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_stroke_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_hideMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String receiverName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int browser_actions_context_menu_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_app_dl_installing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _543sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String nPrintThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Transform
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_NoActionBar_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String resend_sms_priority
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int margin_m
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_orderdetail_screen_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBoxStates_state_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_android_color
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult NETWORK_ERROR
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_topLeftCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MediaRouteButton_mediaRouteButtonTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_MonthNavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int color_preview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_colorDisabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _288sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_drawablePadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_transitionFlags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_09
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_Event_Toolbar_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadialViewGroup_materialCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _29sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_4_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linearLayout3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_backgroundTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd11color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menuAlignmentMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_neutralActionRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int quickScaleEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _16ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int percentY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_64
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int ensureMinTouchTargetSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_android_paddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_requiresFadingEdge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btnExit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String image2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int haloColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer codAvailable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _64sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _232sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePickerDialog_dp_headerPrimaryHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_backgroundCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Attractive_Rect_Blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_mall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int color_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_stars
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TimePickerDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_onCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _502sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _10ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_top_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_failed_image_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _529sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_AntiqueWhite
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_pinLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String totalAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialTimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_lines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customDimension
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_dividerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _164sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int CIRCLE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_strike_through
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_hideAnimationBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int viewpager
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int anim_length_half
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode FLIP_HORIZONTAL
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String mID
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnTertiaryContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkMarkTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_disconnect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral87
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String expiry_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_alphaSliderView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String token
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_open_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int right_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_thumbElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int images_can_be_select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Flush
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ImageViewZoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_login_button_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_correct_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _456sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_android_scaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Material3_Search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_android_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_native_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textLocale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelOutAnim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int ime_base_split_test_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus6sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int photoframe
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_Chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_animation_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int black_track_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int group_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_size_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_selectionRequired
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus26sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_container_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_extra_info
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_30_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide_reactiveGuide_animateChange
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationLong3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_timepicker_am
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int gallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_ForestGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_price_high_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData Seller_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_TextButton_Container_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePickerDialog_dp_headerPrimaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconMinSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ShimmerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_12_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tabMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int easeIn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_01
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _343sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String maskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pager_animation_span
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaskableLayout_porterduffxfermode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentPaddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_sign_in_yourself
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_hideMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_85
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String transactionType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundInsetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int View_android_paddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _208sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_dd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int admob_empty_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int right_thumb_image_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_fname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String image1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int confirm_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer customisable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hideOnScroll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _68ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String indian_sms_priority
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_address_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String deliveryAddress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int bulk
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_da
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_HelperText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int gift_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomNavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_high_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_leftPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus57sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_chainUseRtl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_barrierMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_card_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_cast_button_disconnected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_progress_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_03_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _71ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int off
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_simple_dropdown_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int tooltip_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_zoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int currentState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_undo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cardUseCompatPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _393sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialRadioButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int s7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_fab_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String tutorial_link_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int viewAspectRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_91
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tabDots
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int push_cat_head
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int native_media_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_favicon_blue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_images_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_placeholder_emptyVisibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: java.lang.String region_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tab_indicator_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SideSheet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String nOfferImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_with_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int restart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_keyline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String rESPCODE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundBottomLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _572sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_divider_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tStampTextColorSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_DifferentCornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_chooser_route_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int both
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_aa
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_TimePicker_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_with_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationExtraLong3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Overline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_triggerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_colorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dialog_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _551sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_06_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Corner_Top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int smile_rating_terrible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.Integer is_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int hold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _498sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_topnub
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.Integer currencyId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_gallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_seller_wallet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int placeholder_grey_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_splash_screen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabAnimationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String terms_condition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int animateRelativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int actionDownUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int videoView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_setsTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_73
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_MinWidth_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_timepicker_modebutton_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_FireBrick
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd14color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderCancelButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_year
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuFindTv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_letter_spacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_constantSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.String pincodeMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _203sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fade
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_edit_button_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingStandard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_horizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int searchbg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.Integer status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_textLabelColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_offers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _576sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_singleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_dialog_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_de
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_high_rate_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_select_activity_select_address_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_sticker_rate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_signIn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int month_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object nNewModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_year
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int call_notification_answer_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int enforceMaterialTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_35
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_11_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_5a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_NavigationDrawerIcon_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_labelTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_DatePicker_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_short4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State ANIMATE_ZOOM
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int fancy_add_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _525sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bg_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hideAnimationBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_18
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AutoCompleteTextView_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_progress_max
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_onPositiveCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fill_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_clock_display_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int scale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rzp_innerbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Address: java.lang.String firstname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_autoCompleteMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int define_roundedimageview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoShowKeyboard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _436sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _165sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details sellerDetails
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_timing_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_DoubleBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_fab_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int make_payment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DoubleBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _40ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] PropertySet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_rightPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _6ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_transitionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer imageType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_switch_track_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_3a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _81ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int com_facebook_login_fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_seller_wallet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_92
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_linear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_goneMarginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_addButtonPlusIconColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_subject
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clockNumberTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyBottomLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _355sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageViewZoom_circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _434sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_behavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_controlBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Double productPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_slider_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_disabled_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sliderStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Filter_Elevated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabCustomSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cast_dynamic_group_name_format
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String qty
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_9f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int TOP_START
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int exiting_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_trackColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_neutralActionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _129sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TabLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_address_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_waveShape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_goneMarginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int activity_close_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int cast_ic_notification_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _28ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int action_bar_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day_Invalid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int auto
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_bga
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_small_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_dayTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int month_navigation_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingLinearInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int max_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int frame_row_test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_continue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral96
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _87sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.String sortname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIconVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Fade
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_colorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_bg_exit_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_handle_shadow_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_auxiliary_view_position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _26ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int state_with_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int aligned
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_initialColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int provide_correct_adhar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data: java.util.List modal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_colorMore
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClockHandView_materialCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int pinview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemVerticalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_checkedState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_BottomNavigationView
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult SERVICE_VERSION_UPDATE_REQUIRED
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialDisplayDividerStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int determinate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_help_wa
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _516sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int MultiplePulse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_pv_secondaryProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeIconVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_trackColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String webImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int button_allow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_bubbleBackgroundSend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data: java.lang.Integer otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DayNight_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_reversible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int Default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_menu_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery_not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_cancel_image_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int number_has_already_registered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SRC_OUT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_touchUpMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String category_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int loadmore_retry
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerSizeBottomRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _454sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long mId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_mug_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dismiss
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int singleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnError
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int month_navigation_previous
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int edit_text_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_select_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sign_up
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_tabSingleLine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Shortcut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_install
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_barrierMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_fab_show_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_email_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_02_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int time_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_emptyViewsBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_MediumComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_41
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_delivery_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int uvv_black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_slider_active_track_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int animate_relativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_handle_shadow_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_connecting_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_frame_number
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemTextAppearanceInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MediaRouteButton_externalRouteEnabledDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Beige
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long mHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _78ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_Dynamic_Metadata_PrimaryText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_star_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int always
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadlineSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_promocode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusBottomStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String cancellationMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int simpleItemSelectedColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemMinHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_WanderingCubes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_out_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scaleFromTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_seller_transaction_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ThreeBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _370sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constrainedHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int call_notification_hang_up_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_bsd_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_horizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int box_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String dummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_close_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String appThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int upsdk_blue_text_007dff
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_touch_imageview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _405sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_y
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_thumb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd19color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_otp_length
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_config_allowActionMenuItemTextWithIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_frame_stroke_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOutlineVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_accessibility_heading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Motion
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd21color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int native_exit1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_upDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_nativead
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_highlight_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_chip_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mr_volume_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundingBorderPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int screen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_share_now
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _133sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type SENT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar_Medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_0d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeWithTextShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationExtraLong4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_21_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String modal_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Option: java.lang.String type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_editor_absoluteY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_rotationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int callMeasure
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int browser_actions_bg_grey
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TabLayout_OnSurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int spread
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_maxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus28sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int springDamping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_surface_stroke
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_labelEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_UnelevatedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.String code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_third_app_dl_cancel_download_prompt_ex
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_chipSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int version_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MediaRouteButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: java.lang.String location
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_whatsapp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showDelay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _97ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_motion_easing_accelerated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_seller_registration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadioButtonDrawable_rbd_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int valid_pincode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _451sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClockHandView_selectorSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeIconStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_payable_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND BGIMAGE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.String flag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_first_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_card_checked_layer_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_popularity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_back1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _560sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int content_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_outAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int snackbarButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_primary_text_disable_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int txtRate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_popupmenu_background_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_storage_utils
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_drawableTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int connect_time_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _80ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_invalid_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_hovered_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int browser_actions_header_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int circular_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_subframe_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickMark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_size_rate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_onNegativeCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MediaRouter_Light_DarkControlPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int selection_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _250sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_drawableRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.util.List availableFilter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_shadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _19sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String office
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _182sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_TitleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedHintEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntTestBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEffect_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _21sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_m3_chip_checked_circle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_dayTodayStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int suffixTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundedCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sort_by_popularity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_thumbFocusRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_tabs_icon_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _485sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_staggered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bsd_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_large_label_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_min_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int im_key
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int DialogStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_tpi_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_working
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_rippleAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_TitleMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int show_on_touch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_size_chart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressIndicator_indicatorDirectionLinear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_select_address_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_04
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_LayoutParams
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_downloading_loading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_list_row
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int bottom_blue_tablerow_bottomborder_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_minus
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_failureImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int admob_close_button_white_circle_black_cross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorIconTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_request_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_send_button_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int upsdkDlDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_icon_load
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_default_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int instagram_not_installed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int remove_image_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_android_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_PrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int blue_tablerow_bottomborder_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_18_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeWithTextShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _143sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_expandDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int BOTTOM_END
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_chip_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_app_version
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_enter_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationMedium1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_29_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewInputTextAppearance_inputTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int overlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_animateOnReset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String cityName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_trackSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedIconGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cast_notification_default_channel_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Insets_marginLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_23
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: java.lang.Integer plasticMug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int quantizeMotionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int llDelete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_harmonized_color_on_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_grey_850
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _30sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerSizeTopRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int save_image_matrix
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_HeadlineSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask24_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _399sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int prepaid_best_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_roundedCorners
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_clear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] OnSwipe
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_textinput_default_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _43ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_card_dragged_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_tabs_icon_color_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_21
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int white_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int tap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int close_vector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_casting_screen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_textfield_filled_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customReference
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_arrowAnimClockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_camera
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_popupmenu_background_overlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkSlateBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int card_flip_left_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_negativeActionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_retry_round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_LabelSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int blocking
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indeterminateAnimationType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_selection_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_backgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_remove_circle_outline_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ifRoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int nd_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textinput_suffix_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int center_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int ime_secondary_split_test_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _284sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_base_google
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_current_page
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int autoplay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_ellipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ThemeEnforcement_enforceMaterialTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_tickRadiusActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_no_available_network_prompt_toast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_15_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_drawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int SpinKit_Style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _351sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int enable_system_job_service_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layoutManager
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_02
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.Boolean isSelect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_28_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_05
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_9b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int city_bank_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_maxSweepAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _397sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalAlign
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_start_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List mProductDetails1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar_TextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String mCreatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_visibilityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_transparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_font_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_02
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_highest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String contactAddress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_drawableEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_textColorSearchUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_initialAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String image2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Payload: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.AdditionalData additionalData
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _277sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_minLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _35ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_primary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconMinSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int m3_side_sheet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_97
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_month
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int isTablet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_hindi
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_disabled_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _487sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int youAreNotUpdatedTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_labelStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_subtitleCentered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_strokeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int etConfirmPassword
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_05
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral17
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_layout_marginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: java.lang.Integer data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _315sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_shadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int progressBarAutoRotateInterval
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_textHeaderColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemMaxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus1sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_negativeActionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int yellow_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_outline_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Object offerId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_prefixTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumSpringGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask13_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String nThumbImage3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_close_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_sriv_left_top_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_logout_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _190sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask10_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipMinHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_android_stepSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String displayWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int add_to_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cardview_shadow_start_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MyActionButtonOverflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask25_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_itemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _466sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_drawableLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bar_highlight_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_pinBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_inAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_custom_case_edit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Sys_Shape_Corner_Medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_transformPivotTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_signin_button_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_media_stop_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int DST
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] GenericDraweeHierarchy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_14_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _206sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRoutePauseDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_animationDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int remove_all_anoying_ads_forever_by_just
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_mug
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int constraintLayout2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabAlignmentModeEndMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int linearLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _111sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int nestedScrollViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_username
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int constraint_referenced_tags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_19
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_no_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int transitionShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _261sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnPrimary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int flat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_SharedValueId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int endToStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_curveFit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MyTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus35sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1: java.util.List mValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_slide_down
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int folder_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestGray10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_pv_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuCopyLink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int bubble_thumb_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int upsdk_white
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_passwoerd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask2_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int iphone_mask
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _553sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShadowLayout_slDy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int snap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Body2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cc_avenue_transaction_status: java.lang.Integer transactionSuccess
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_checked_checkbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int nav_states
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_padding_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_ifTagSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_touchAnchorSide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int staticPostLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_showShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_pickerColorEdit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_drawPath
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_barrierDirection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyPosition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_55
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_textStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_app_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int percentHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int verify
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason: java.lang.String reason
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int txtDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_dialog_close_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String mPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_tabs_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int text_view_without_line_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _359sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int transitionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sort
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int logo_mask
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_cursor_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _482sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_test_frame_editing_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double orderTotal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_auth_dialog_corner_radius_oversized
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int et_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer CoupleTshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int iconPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_account
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_pro_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_actionTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_ticket_webview_system
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_checkboxStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialButtonOutlinedStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_recycler_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _3sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int wave
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_album
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_primary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _71sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int amber_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call_answer_video_low
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _295sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundingBorderWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int contact_us
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] FlowLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RadioButtonDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_positiveActionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int scroll
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int messenger_send_button_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layoutLoading
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Sys_Shape_Corner_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int closeIconEndPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_aa
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_34
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnPrimarySurface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePickerDialog_dp_headerSecondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_progress_indeterminate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationDrawerDrawable_nd_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_cod
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_stroke_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_box_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _269sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_cascading_menu_item_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus12sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int _float
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int modal_activity_open_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_text_view_messess
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_01_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer phone_length
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fabAlignmentMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int backgroundInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int region_widthLessThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int springStopThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _402sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int valid_business
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_imageButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_mtrl_am_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _18sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_barrierMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_view_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_m3_chip_close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _379sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_topRightCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _471sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_motionProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ActionMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int name_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_yearTodayStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_77
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemPaddingBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemMaxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask9_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String nImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_drawer_container_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int visit_website
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _55sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double orderTotal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int dynamic_fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int endIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_19_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_chart_info
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Integer isCancellable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_pathMotionArc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _348sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int character_counter_overflowed_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.Long mId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultMenuDropShadowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_select_region
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int registring
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int prepaid_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_oval
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_TitleLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_liftOnScrollColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _369sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value: java.lang.Boolean select
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_focused_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int im_user
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String timezone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_Surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int image_view_zoom_bottom_sheet_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Moccasin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int mtrl_fast_out_slow_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cancel_imageview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_updating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_play
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_product_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.Integer categoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int useLogo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_65
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_BodySmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_hour_text_input
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_long2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int icon_only
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemFillColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ad_choices_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String nOfferNewImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_in_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _211sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchBar_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_strokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuRefresh
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_05
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_bar_text_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _554sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int suffixTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_menuGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int description_save
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_control_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RoundedImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_SteelBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_icon_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_harmonized_color_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int repeat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_wrapBehaviorInParent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_maxEms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer sellerPriceValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ef
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_favorites_head
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String tXNDATE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_ed_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_terms_condition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_max_free_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String international_sms_priority
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_monthMin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LoadingDots
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_banner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_dividerCompoundPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorPickerPreference_lightnessSlider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GifTextureView_gifSource
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_promocode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_background_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view_tree_lifecycle_owner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int terms_amp_conditions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int rs_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_delete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int statusbarutil_fake_status_bar_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int text_input_end_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int model_popsocket
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_OutlinedButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentPaddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_view_visible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NarayanNativeAdView_layoutPlaceHolder
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pinBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTimePicker_clockIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Salmon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_root
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int daimajia_indicator_wrapper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String model_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_dividerAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_connected_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.util.List states
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_primary_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_marginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data: java.lang.Integer status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialSwitchStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int error_color_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int visibilityMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _60ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int total_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_itemMinHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int com_facebook_button_like
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_BottomAppBar_Container_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundWithOverlayColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tab_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_disabled_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_MultiplePulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_more_app
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_instagram
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_500_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int crossfade
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int overview_panel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int date_picker_actions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int button4_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tshirt_afour
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _91ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentPaddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_Ripple_Touch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_offer_discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_DoubleBounce
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textBackgroundPanY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _395sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int State_constraints
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_resend
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_21_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String promo_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_transformDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MidnightBlue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundTopLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode ZOOM_WITH_TWO_FINGER
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_search_bar_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_dialog_close_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_primary_button_disabled_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemRippleColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object nNewMaskThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_0c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _136sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipStrokeWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipMinTouchTargetSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_close_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Corner_Medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int card_flip_left_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _168sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String nNewMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_e4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int browser_actions_context_menu_min_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Picker_Date_Calendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral94
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LoadingDots_LoadingDots_dots_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_title_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sl_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabSecondaryStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Text_CenterStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int item_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultMenuTextPaddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_cast_meta_art_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AdsAppTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int m3_sys_motion_easing_linear
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int minHideDelay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_front_back
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumAquamarine
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int item2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int buy_now
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int percentWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_edit_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int app_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_grey_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _538sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_card_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd21color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_shouldRemoveExpandedCorners
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_IconButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarTabBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SRC_ATOP
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MistyRose
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int waveOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_LabelMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ClockFaceView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textBackgroundPanX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_product_wishlist_disp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int searchview_clear_text_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int inch_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int upsdk_btn_emphasis_normal_layer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerSizeTopLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int accelerate_quart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Header_Text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_max_start_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_video
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_bar_highlight_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral17
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_connected_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_smart_device_instructions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int barrier
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_downloading_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int com_facebook_horizontal_alignment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_SnackBar_Tablet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_re_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_20_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.Integer categoryId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_inInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_sign_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_lowest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_selectionRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_emojiCompatEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _439sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_controller_pause
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_81
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceCornerSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionEasingDecelerated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialButtonToggleGroup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LightSlateGray
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_placeholderImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_button_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String appImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ChasingDots
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_homeno
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_margin_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_assist_chip_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int easeInOut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SelectableRoundedImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ImageFilterView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int afterRelease
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_16_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_error_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_divider_heavy_thickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_slider_inactive_track_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_curState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adSizes
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_pincode_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int disableChildrenWhenDisabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int percentX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.Long mId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_transformPivotY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _53ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoom_enabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_borderRound
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _228sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_79
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_native_max_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_blank_portrait
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE LANDSCAPE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_feedback_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int panEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_clear_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_pin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_LayoutParams_android_layout_gravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: java.lang.String bestOffer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_checkBoxStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_disableChildrenWhenDisabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_negativeActionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_name_album
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _449sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_transitionPathRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_inputHintColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _463sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int call_notification_incoming_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyTrigger
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteTvIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_Switch_Track_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String to
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transition_transitionDisable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_strokeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int colortitle2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _249sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int badgeShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _23ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int temp_provider_paths
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_bf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_enter_complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rzp_securedpayments
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _490sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GifTextureView_isOpaque
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _435sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _4ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int test_action_chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_TextButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Item: java.lang.String reference
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_pager_animation_span
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_group_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AppTheme_Ads
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int data_type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int standard
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_ems
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view_tree_view_model_store_owner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _99ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_cornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _4sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_arrowPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_cursor_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_fade_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_06_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int autoCompleteToEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceBodyLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int registration_successfull
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _591sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_quantizeMotionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_vol_type_speaker_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int telltales_tailColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_29
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SwipeRefreshLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cast_notification_connected_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int rate_dialog_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_panelBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int placeholderText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int location_permission_missing_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_lowest
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus27sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionsMenu_fab_addButtonStrokeVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _45sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _17ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String alternateMobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_parent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int item_not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_meta_default_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_rotate_right_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_LavenderBlush
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwipeRefreshLayout_swipeRefreshLayoutProgressSpinnerBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_policy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int base_url_paytm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _368sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int spinnerItemStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_liftable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_menu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery_charges
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cbSelect
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_clear_black_24
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_itemTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_dayInvalidStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int startIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_ProgressView_Circular_Determinate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int third_app_dl_progress_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.String currency_symbol
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int google_storage_bucket
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _344sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_transformPivotX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shipper_mask_3_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_incoming
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: java.lang.String mAbbreviation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int wishlist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_normalColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motion_triggerOnCollision
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int sp_quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_A700
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LineMorphingDrawable_lmd_paddingRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Dark_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _106sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_navigationIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int layout_shimmer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int continue__
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int progress_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int chip_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_MediumPurple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tabs
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int back_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SnackBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_register
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int settings_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_print_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _80sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bsd_inDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maintext
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_draggable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_20_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int removeEmbeddedFabElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header_toggle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_middleBarArrowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_dim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String address5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_09_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_street
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_default_image_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int spacer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_xl_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalLabelView_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String gift_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_height_ratio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_landmark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter: java.util.List value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_amnt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntGreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ketchy_dot
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int left_thumb_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_style
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] NavigationBarActiveIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_tertiary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_transaction_history
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String stateName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int img_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_OutlinedButton_Icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SelectableRoundedImageView_sriv_left_bottom_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_timepicker_clock_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _58ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_29_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimaryInverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextView_android_shadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fab_expand_menu_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int showTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int CubeGrid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int LIGHTEN
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String updatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int tap_to_reload
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnSecondaryContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_hex_66
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_item_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar_FullWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_backgroundAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_jump_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_14
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_item_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_dots_count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_filter_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.Double lon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _179sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery_status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_chip_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_chip_assist_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_foreground_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.String formFactor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int margin_l
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_card_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonCustom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _91sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _462sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_hovered_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int visible_removing_fragment_view_tag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Action: java.lang.Integer type
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_tickVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_art
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_picker_route_icon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_label_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tp_selectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_textOutlineThickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_popupItemAnimOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String img
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_filled_button_with_icon_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_choice_chip_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int unlabeled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int material_slider_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialButtonToggleGroupStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int prefixTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_NoActionBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_timepicker_mode_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_initialAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Motion_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_motionTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_date_header_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int RotateUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_animationDelayPerItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int defaultMenuDropShadowCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int singleSelection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lpd_strokeSecondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: java.lang.Double sub_total
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_checked_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_positiveActionTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int logout_sentence
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_expandable_area
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: java.lang.Double height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textView1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Oman
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_maxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_08_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Year_Today
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TimePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_dummy_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _47sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_region
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offline_opt_in_decline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _20ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_cn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer currencyId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _26sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] VerticalLabelView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _420sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_scaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int WaitingDots_autoplay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textPanX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_rail_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String pAYMENTMODE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int send_request
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TextEffects
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_button_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_layout_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int defaultDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_new_pass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String is_approve
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int isIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String displayWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int daimajia_slider_viewpager
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetDialog_bsd_canceledOnTouchOutside
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_16
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_yearMax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxStrokeErrorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String image2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offer_code_copied
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_FloatingActionButton_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_31
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_volume_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _96ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_indicatorAtTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int delivery_to
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int constraintRotate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.Integer is_international
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_threshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rect_shadow_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCalendarItem
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int cardview_compat_inset_shadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_android_layout_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String address3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestWhite20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mug_images_category_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog_DatePicker_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePickerDialog_tp_pm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_minHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRoutePlayDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd20color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int login
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.Notification: java.lang.Integer androidNotificationId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_address_availablity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _12sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialSearchBarStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_bar_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_26_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_tune
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int round_size_tshirt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_percent_80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_apk_not_installed_hints
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_button_white_bg_round
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String timezone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_scaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_maxImageSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_outAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_text_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String model_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_auto_cycle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_28
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_CheckBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tshirt_front_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dayInvalidStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int customStringValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer modelId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_android_checked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_meta_default_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.Integer pincodeServiceable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.String codMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.Object deletedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int search_view_status_bar_spacer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_inputId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int recycler_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_colorRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int load_fb_inline_banner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_open_gallery
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_free
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _44ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_Dynamic_Metadata_SecondaryText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int trackThickness
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int SRC_IN
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _220sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_topPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_NoActionBar_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _27sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _389sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String displayWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_2_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_fixed_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _205sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_marginBaseline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int month_grid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Header_Text_Day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _342sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_animate_relativeTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int sample_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_open_enter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fragOne_ed_search
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int region_heightLessThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_10_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int facebook_app_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int anticipate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialTimePickerTitleStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int media_actions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Khaki
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int spinner1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Centered
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mr_button_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _172sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_35
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ShadowLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int eiv_colorLess
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int default_slider_handler_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_cancel_action
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int google_api_key
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_colorAccent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer MultiImagePhotoFrames
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mug_model_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_significantVelocityThreshold
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int open_graph
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSecondaryVariant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _15sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int query
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: java.util.ArrayList subDataArrayList
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int edge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tpi_tabRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportTextErrorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mall_search_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_17_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter: java.lang.String value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String dummy_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int design_shipper_bottle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_text_hint_foreground_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_horizontalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SmileRating_textSelectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_colorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialToolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_rate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_MultiplePulseRing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TestStyleWithLineHeightAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_spacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_track_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_timepicker_confirm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String mAppImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int imageView3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialTextAppearance_lineHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _304sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_order_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintTop_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int please_select_qty
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int skipped
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_b3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_labelTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_product_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_add_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Switch_sw_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_dialog_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String appImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_default_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask9_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_textHighlightColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_bottom_nav_colored_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _74sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_s_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double shipping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_60
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int below_shadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_48
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_btn_state_list_anim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Gainsboro
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _473sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_supportTextErrorColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_placeholderTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_slider_thumb_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFeatureSettings
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_toolbar_default_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _555sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_8b
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Option: java.lang.String count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _215sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_green_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_rotate_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String available_stock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_view_invisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int valid_mobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabAnchorMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_switch_track_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int cast_notification_connecting_message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePicker_tp_hour
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_dividerColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String discountMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int red_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_500_75
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_11
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int tab_indicator_selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int need_login
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_period_toggle_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_touchUpMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _175sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TabLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int limitBoundsTo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_minValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fragment_fade_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_Complain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rl_main
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode ZOOM_WITH_ICON
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd11color1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_transitionEasing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int image_toast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_popupItemAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int center_vertical
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_user_update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_default_color_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int not_available
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupPromptView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lastItemDecorated
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String userId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_roundBottomLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_edit_address
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int valid_zipcode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_offeractivity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _325sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _126sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String modalCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String states
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_12
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestBlack10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String selling
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemSpacing
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_18_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_search_list
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_rotationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int match_constraint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int fb_login_protocol_scheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btn_m_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_caret_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tickRadiusInactive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: java.lang.String ResponseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_monthMax
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int curveFit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer keychain
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_custom_control
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: java.lang.String responseMessage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int album_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int internet_connection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_M3_Sys_Typescale_TitleLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_Navy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_handle_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Small_RotatingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_textHighlightColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int load_fb_banner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_FixedSize_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_centerIfNoTextEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceCornerMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_25_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _332sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id__back_stickerview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_sl_textSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_object_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_showPaths
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_unchecked_checkbox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceContainerLow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int terms_cond
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Cut
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_disabled_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int actionDown
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_horizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Large_RotatingPlane
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int editText1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int LoadingDots_dots_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_constraint_referenced_tags
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int embed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String nPrintImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int shimmer_container_banner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int shopping_mall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _479sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int Photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CrystalRangeSeekbar_min_start_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_07
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_update
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_supportMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_button_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_dialog_material_background_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int label_write_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_frame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_mtrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int shape_bg_native
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult INTERNAL_ERROR
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_smart_login_confirmation_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_tickColorActive
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Item: java.lang.String count
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int bsd_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String paypal_redirect_url
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int zoom_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_marginTopSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _592sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_WhiteSmoke
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_labelColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_tabs_ripple_color_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_progress_showBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_input_chip_container_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_3d
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _146sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_useMaterialThemeColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_large
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWithTextShapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_clock_face
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Carousel_carousel_nextState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_delete_cart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_constraint_referenced_ids
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: int id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_corner_small_corner_family
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int clock_face_margin_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_country
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String image2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int elevationOverlayColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int match_parent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_stroke_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_main2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int copy_link
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int gone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _583sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_1f
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MediaRouter_Dynamic_Header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_titleTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_helper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_repeat_delay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String mobile1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int green_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int adSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subheaderTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int os_bgimage_notif_bgimage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _320sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_harmonized_color_on_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int finestBlack40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _366sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rd_rippleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_14_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_exit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _7sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _433sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_65
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_home_detail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbElevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomAppBar_Legacy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int default_val
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_searchViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int skip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_checkbox_button_tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_viewTransitionOnCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ContextMenu
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String rEFUNDAMT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExpandIconView_eiv_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String region
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_LargeTouch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_button_xout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_17_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int m3_auto_complete_simple_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_maxLines
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_actionText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceBodyMedium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _593sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double discountAmount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _42sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: java.lang.Double cart_total
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_visibility
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State FLING
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int boxStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_19
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textNonSelectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String carrier
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_translationY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_min_frame_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int m3_avd_hide_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int fieldPhoneNumber
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int send_feedback
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView_Wave
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_arrow_rev
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _77ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sriv_right_top_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int orange_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _39sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customFloatValue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int waveVariesBy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int background_dup
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _590sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_doubleTapToZoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_pro_real_price
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _47ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackBar_sb_actionTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fab_slide_in_from_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Tooltip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearProgressDrawable_lpd_keepDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _185sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mr_controller_volume_group_list_fade_in_duration_ms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_disabled_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int roundingBorderColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_verticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_2_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TimePickerDialog_tp_textTimeSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int package_name_fb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int multi
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mock_showDiagonals
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_paid_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_redo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int com_facebook_send_button_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String reference
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_NavigationBar_ActiveIndicator_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_2a
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dragLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int view_dialog_exit2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_android_transformPivotY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_translationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_collapse_08
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_valid_reason
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_07_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _114sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_high_resolution_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_atleast
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_elevated_button_container_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_App_Dialog_DatePicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ShapeableImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int google_crash_reporting_api_key
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_dynamic_dialog_row_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int region_heightMoreThan
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Pinview_cursorVisible
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textInputOutlinedDenseStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceSmallComponent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int description_fail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _76sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int materialCalendarYearNavigationButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_crop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int material_clockface_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _499sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String mAddress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] KeyFrame
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int txt0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_dynamic_dialog_route_text_color_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_frag_signout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ShapeableImageView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_in_button_continue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_NavigationDrawerIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int gradient_6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: int standalone_badge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String mUpdatedAt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pv_progress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mr_cast_progressbar_background_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_triggerSlack
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_scaleX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipStartPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_simple_item_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_CheckedTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Drag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.Integer status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_touchAnchorId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_shadowRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_on_primary_container
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int FadingCircle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer position
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int frag_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _67sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int up_final
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Dialog_di_outAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_bd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_auth_dialog_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cpd_strokeSecondaryColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_sheet_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] LinearProgressDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sideSheetModalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cbd_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _155sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int location_permission_name_for_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_10_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int otp_fragment
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_abort
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_minWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year_Selected
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorOnSurfaceInverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _235sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int searchPrefixText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_popupmenu_overlay_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _74ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_waveOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_navigation_padding_start_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_yearStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_arrowSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int new_savelayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_14_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _518sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_top_pointer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ClearableEditText_clearIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mtrl_dialog_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mtrl_layout_snackbar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ads_bg_lib
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int something_went_wrong_try_agaian
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _384sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _24ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int subtitle_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.String mResponseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int ok
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_bottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_haloColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabAlignmentMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int forward
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_reenter_password
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_arrowColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nModalImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_order
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_M3_Comp_Badge_Large_Shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.paypal_model: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _107sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_imageZoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int decelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_ba
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String n_modal_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int resend_otp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_variant_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int more_vector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: int additional_shipping_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int slider_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_wrapBehaviorInParent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_accessibility_actions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_end_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_shadowYOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_a8
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spn_labelTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int goIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_grey_50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _506sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse: java.lang.String ResponseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult SUCCESS
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String discount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_A200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_blank_square
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_900
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int shimmer_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Transform_transformPivotTarget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_add
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nNewMaskThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_ifTagNotSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _174sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_popupWindowStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int activity_mall_detail_activity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_duration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int largeLabel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int dialog_already_rate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer groups
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int atleast_three_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: java.lang.String msg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_rotationX
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int miytwo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ll_print_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int numericModifiers
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$array: int names
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int warmth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int no_more_data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String tXNAMOUNT
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator_ExtraSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.util.List offer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int sp_currency
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_outAnimation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_minEms
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_android_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_colorPressed
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_orange_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: java.lang.String ResponseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_side_sheet_modal_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] View
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String web_thumb_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String gift_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int upsdk_ota_notify_updatebtn
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_login_view
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_pro_percentage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int want_to_become_seller
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _600sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] TextViewAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fade_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gntOutline
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int splitWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ar_ic_exiting
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pinLength
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int add
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ZoomageView_zoomage_zoomable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_animDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int NO_DEBUG
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int upsdk_cancel_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_actionDropDownStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral99
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_07
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_placeholderText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_logged_in_as
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int buttonDone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tag_screen_reader_focusable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalLabelView_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _309sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int startIconMinSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_navigation_item_text_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableStartCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int india
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ProgressView_pv_secondaryProgress
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Integer modelId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized__highlighted_text_inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_backgroundCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int please
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Country_state_city_code_response: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long mWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_lastVerticalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_percent_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String total_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ViewTransition_motionInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String nThumbImage1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int permission_goto
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_backgroundTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_text_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_sports
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_select_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedButton
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_halfExpandedRatio
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c0
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_order_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_outlined_stroke_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int custom_dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _231sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_corner_family
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_yearItemHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int note_pro
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String itemId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_side_sheet_standard_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_clock_display_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int month_navigation_next
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_pivotAnchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_03
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int cornerFamilyTopLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_bright
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RippleDrawable_rd_backgroundAnimDuration
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevated_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeWidthFocused
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalGap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_long4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_green_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int SpinKitView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_inputBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MediaRouter_LightControlPanel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int black_new_bg_border
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int heart_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorSurfaceDim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.Integer modelId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int complain_row_send
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_navigation_drawer_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int content
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int shimmer_base_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int withinBounds
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int CardView_Dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int assetName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String recipient
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int teal_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1: java.lang.String mName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_model
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _20sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_FixedSize_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f5
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_interpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_slide_up
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String as
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int indicatorDirectionCircular
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int server_error
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$array: int colors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_wrapMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sw_trackCap
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_keyboard_black_24dp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mock_labelColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_59
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mr_controller_volume_group_list_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int savelayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connected_22_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images: java.lang.String images
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_android_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] MaterialAutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int new_row_order_details
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tooltipText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_cast_mute_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dark_highlighted_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _35sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_x
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer phonecase
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionTextColorAlpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int liftOnScrollTargetViewId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String maskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fab_scale_up
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _459sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_fab_ripple_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Window_Fullscreen
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tv_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_LayoutParams_layout_anchor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int item_cancelled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int max_start_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_datepicker_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.Boolean success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int none
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_colorRipple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int di_neutralActionBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String updated_at
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _307sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd19color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_surface_container_high
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int hms_update_continue
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_FixedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.String sortname
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_refund
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int selected_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int currentState
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int overlayImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _39ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int blue_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_showShadow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int clockIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_f6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int mr_volume_slider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_eb
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_23_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_shrinkMotionSpec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_NavigationView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral70
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customBoolean
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int cd_sort
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_Small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_default_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _286sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String mEmail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String dummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int id_ed_h_deliver_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Assist
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int lime_600
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatView_messageTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String time
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabPageIndicator_android_textAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_c6
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String nModalThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int left_to_right
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _237sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int headerLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleTextEllipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int onesignal_bgimage_notif_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_barrierMargin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_Switch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_FixedSize_Bridge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int brown_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_fab_hide_animation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_on_primary_disabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int iv_no_photo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textLocale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _59ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_switch_track_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int viewTransitionOnCross
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int deep_purple_A100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mobile_cover
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int menuShareViaTv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String display_gift_charge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_DarkKhaki
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_MaterialSwitch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gradient_6_start
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_choice_chip_background_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int rzp_magic_base
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_personalized_color_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE SQUARE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.Integer productId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int render_type_default
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int black_semi_transparent
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int et_dividerCompoundPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int mug_company_name_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_TabLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String available_stock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode NONE
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer level
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int mtrl_view_gone
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _67ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int FlipHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int hint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int max_value
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_searchbar_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int scale_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_overlay_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_96
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationMedium4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_CardView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_20
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ShimmerFrameLayout_shimmer_shape
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int close
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int os_bgimage_notif_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_7e
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd15color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int fab_slide_in_from_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_short_2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_pressed_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_valid_mobile_no
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int material_textinput_timepicker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int marginHorizontal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mr_dialog_close_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Invalid
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State ZOOM
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _184sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int card_flip_right_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_MediaRouter_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility_off
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_Material3_SearchView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int blendSrc
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dragView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int appsize_textview
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int scv_CropImageView_scv_guide_stroke_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_90
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_state
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int seller_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int confirm
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int gd18color2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String wa_home
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int the_item_which_are_there_in_your_cart_will_look_good_in_your_hand_n_ngo_and_buy_your_product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int errorEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String nThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int policies
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_small
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: java.lang.String region_code
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_button_background_color_selector
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ed_promo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rzp_white_border_black_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int alternate_mobile_no_required
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tvCountImages
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int mtrl_card_view_ripple
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_padding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_dividerHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] RangeSlider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int select_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int rv_filter_sub_filter
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int unselected_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_black_percent_80
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _354sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_icon_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_group_expand_08
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error100
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int enter_last_name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$font: int hacentunisia
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _415sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWithTextWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_media_play_dark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_FloatingActionButton_Mini
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationLong2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int maskable_fl_7
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int right_side
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _93ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Clock
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String orderId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_rate_app
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int gnt_medium_template_bottom_weight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fab_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int startToEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_title
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int drawerLayoutStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Theme_alertDialogTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int change_enter_old_pass
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _465sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int VerticalSlidingPanel_parallaxOffset
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextEffects_android_typeface
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _483sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_kannad
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CheckBoxDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_overlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_licenseId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Widget_Slider_Discrete
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int lmd_paddingTop
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int rbd_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_A400
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _472sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_detail
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int sb_verticalPadding
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int messageTextColorRcv
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int end
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int rounded_border1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int overlay
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int pls_enter_valid_mobile_no_9
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ChatViewMessageTextAppearance_messageTextSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.Item: java.lang.String product
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_thumb_logo_square
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String dummyPrice
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int filter_chip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _223sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int SideSheetBehavior_Layout_coplanarSiblingViewId
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CircularProgressDrawable_cpd_inStepColors
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_extendStrategy
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_10
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Light_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _17sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_android_transformPivotY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_compatShadowEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_orientation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_d3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_tabs_text_color_secondary
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int DatePicker_dp_fontFamily
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_quantity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int dp_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_large_white
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_Drawable_NavigationDrawer
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int riv_border_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int EditText_et_labelInAnim
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: java.util.List data
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int zoomage_maxScale
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int offline_notification_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_300
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int description_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_success
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int expanded
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int scv_overlay_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _273sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_colorNormal
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _573sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double codCharge
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object newMaskImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_outInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int FinestWebViewTheme
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MotionLabel_textPanY
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int mall_code_copied
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int FloatingActionMenu_menu_labels_ellipsize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int NarayanNativeAdView_layoutCustomNativeAd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String international_app_mall_thumb_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int native_ad_sponsored_label
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _410sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int layout_constraintRight_creator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int choose_sticker
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String email
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String name
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int give_us_a_review_landmine_main_layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Float gst_charges
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int purple_500_25
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int s1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int Color_BlanchedAlmond
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String shipping
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int tint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_lStar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_top
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: java.lang.String responseCode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String nImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int motionDurationShort4
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int transparent_white_hex_88
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_maxHeight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String drsNo
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _3ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int splash_ar
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintOverride_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String termsCondition
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int pink_200
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_call
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_33
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _287sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int swipeRefreshLayoutProgressSpinnerBackgroundColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String nMugThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_divider_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int listLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: int row_default_image_item
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int view_blink
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cyan_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_13
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String model_id
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorIconTint
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _52sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int fab_addButtonPlusIconColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int action_divider
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_texture
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _521sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int order_id_new
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int YearPicker_dp_selectionColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_forget
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_front
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int mediaRouteSpeakerGroupIconDrawable
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int light_blue_500
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int subheaderInsetStart
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int textView2
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int ic_mr_button_connecting_24_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int ll_tshirt_color
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int inputHintColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int loadmore_errortxt
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_LayoutParams_layout_scrollInterpolator
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginRight
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String mName
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object nMugImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int gifSource
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral95
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_deriveConstraintsFrom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _5sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask22_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_shapeAppearance
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_carousel_small_item_size_min
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int discount_amount
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int daimajia_slider_image
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Slider_haloRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _33ssp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: java.lang.String message
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int btnCancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int RadioButtonDrawable_rbd_innerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_maxWidth
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String internationAppThumbImage
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Animation_Material3_SideSheetDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Spinner_spn_arrowAnimClockwise
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _586sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Material_TextAppearance_SimpleDialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int tv_login
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int checkedChip
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int com_facebook_device_auth_instructions
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String contactMobile
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int CheckBoxDrawable_cbd_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_corner
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_long3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int iv_zoom
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus30sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: int m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int GenericDraweeHierarchy_retryImageScaleType
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer status
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _minus55sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int adjust_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int grey_hex_8c
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int itemStrokeColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int stretch
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int background_material_light
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int Chip_chipMinTouchTargetSize
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: int cardview_dark_background
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int setsTag
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int showText
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int cancel
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String is_gift
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIconGravity
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int _69sdp
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int menu_labels_textColor
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: int app_right_out
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int pickerTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: int mask9_3
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: int chipGroupStyle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: int m3_chip_hovered_translation_z
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: int alertTitle
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setModel_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setProductImages(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call check_stock(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double getPaidAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getDisplay_message()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: void setCategory_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: void setSelling(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void intView$lambda$6(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call sendCart(okhttp3.RequestBody)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String getOfferImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CaseEditActivity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: TouchImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.Integer getTotalPages()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout10: MaskableFrameLayout10(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout13: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: java.lang.Integer getCountryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.PhilImageView: PhilImageView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: void setVersion(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setDeletedAt(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getRequestModelId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String getAppImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void addtocart$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity: void signInWithPhoneAuthCredential$lambda$4$lambda$2(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setDisplay_gift_charge(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setMinimumScale(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.util.List getSellerOrder()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.Integer getCodAvailable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: void setImage3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setBind(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getstickers()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy: void setPrivacyPolicy(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: void setZoomIcon(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNMugThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setWebThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setTrackingUrl(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data: otp_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.util.List getSqlist()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getTransactionType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason: java.lang.String getReason()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getorderdetiails(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setSlidingEnabled(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: void setCouponData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setZone(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String getCountry_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long getCodAvailable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: android.graphics.RectF getDisplayRect()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String getAddress()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setAppImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getTimezone()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setMobile_1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: transaction(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String getMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setHeight(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$menu: R$menu()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: void setotp_data(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getTransactionId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String getAddress3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_mug_images()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setResend_sms_priority(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data: void setOtp(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setImageType(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: Result()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setHeight(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value: java.lang.Double getCartTotal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.Integer getPhonecode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: float getImageHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.PhotoPickupImageActivity: void onPanelExpanded(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: void setMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setGift(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer getUserPriceValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout10: MaskableFrameLayout10(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setOverlayed(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Dynamic_EditActivity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.OtpFragment: OtpFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: void setLocked(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity: void sendData$lambda$5(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity,kotlin.jvm.internal.Ref$ObjectRef,com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data getCountry()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setModalName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getMugImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getCustomizeLocket()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: void setStickers(float,float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_shipper_images()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_category_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getMaskheight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call changepswd(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: void setDateTime(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData: java.lang.String getOfferCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setToken(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Country_state_city_code_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String getAddress()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ExpandIconView: ExpandIconView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setNNewMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response getOrderDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Dynamic_EditActivity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getShipping()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid: void setUserId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.CustomImageView: CustomImageView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: void setIsInternational(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity: void onCreate$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.BrushImageView: BrushImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: Country()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: void setPhonecode(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getBANKNAME()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_brand_model_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.mainapplication: mainapplication()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_seller_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: void setWhiteMug(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call call_main_categoru_subdata(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.paypal_model: paypal_model()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout3: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: void setStates(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout4: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getModalName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String getNImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String getNPrintThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity: void onClick$lambda$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int,java.lang.Integer[])
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: Data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: States()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer getSellerId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: new_main_model()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value: java.lang.String getVariant_value()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call bulk_order(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: void setStateCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String getImage2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setWebThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setTimezone(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data: void setModal(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: void setIs_branch(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getInternational_app_mall_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getMugImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Double getSubtotal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.Double getPaid_amount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$attr: R$attr()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.Mall_FragmentOne: void lambda$setHeader$0(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setVideoUrl(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: getmugresponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setWebImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity: void error_dialogs$lambda$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String getAadharNo()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String getAppThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: void setOfferCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Long getGeneralCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: test_image_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setNOfferThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer getSellerId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout12: MaskableFrameLayout12(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity$ChangePasswordAPICall$1: void onFailure$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData: OfferCodeData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Integer getIsCancellable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: background_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data: email_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getTransactionStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: SubData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: void setImage2(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: void setDisplayCodButton(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: void setNImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: void setcart_data(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getRecipient()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setModalCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout3: MaskableFrameLayout3(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: postcomplain()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout11: MaskableFrameLayout11(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: VerticalSlidingPanel(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call deleteCart(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: void setModelId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setCurrencyId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: void setImage2(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.String getCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setNCaseImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cc_avenue_transaction_status: java.lang.Integer getTransactionSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String getNThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setPhonecode(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String getRefrenceNumber()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: void setSortname(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer getType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String getCOD()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getIosForcefullyUpdate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Default_testing_image_activity_final_image: Default_testing_image_activity_final_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.LogInActivity: LogInActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FaceActivity: FaceActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getAndroidVersion()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.PhotoPickupImageActivity: void onPanelAnchored(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getCart(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setTransaction_type(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String getTransactionType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call postcomplain(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: CouponData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String getRelationship()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getstatus(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.OrderDetailActivity: void lambda$onClick$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.Integer getImageType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: ResponseDashboard()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setAvailableStock(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout3: MaskableFrameLayout3(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call paypal(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getRegion()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setDisplayImages(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getKeychain()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getN_mug_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout: MaskableFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: void setAddress3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String getModelId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setShipping(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: VectorImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: int getResCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: void setNThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setDiscount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setMaximumScale(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.Api: retrofit2.Call getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setRESPCODE(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setTransactionStatusCheckedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double getGiftCharge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response getcomplain_feedback_parameter_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon getDeleteIcon()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setTrackingLink(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing_CaseEditActivity: testing_CaseEditActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity$bulk_order$1: void onFailure$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String getDeleted_at()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: promo()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentHome: void lambda$intView$0(android.view.View,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setQuery(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.frame_Dynamic_EditActivity: frame_Dynamic_EditActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setSTATUS(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: UserPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: addressListResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: void setpromo_code(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getPaidAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.ForgetpasswordActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: java.lang.Boolean getSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getItemQuantity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setTotalAmount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: void setRelationship(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getTXNTYPE()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setTutorial_link_international(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2$crateReq$onPostExecute$1: void onFailure$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: java.util.List getCartItems()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getRegResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Zoom_view_activity: void onCreate$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Zoom_view_activity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: void setResponseStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setImage2(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNMugImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: mall_AllChild()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setSelect(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNNewModalThumbImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: void setComplain(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_Editing_Activity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: getpromodetail(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setNPrintImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setCompanyId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getDate_time()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: float getImageWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$layout: R$layout()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: Offer()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call search(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.Integer getCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setTransaction_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getn_mask_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getCategory_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.PlaceOrderActivity: PlaceOrderActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: void setRefrenceNumber(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String getNCaseImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: void setCodServicable(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: mall_main_sub_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: void setTransactionType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: void setShippingCharge(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setTXNAMOUNT(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: void setDisplayWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.util.List getCancel_reasons()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer getUserPriceValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Object getSellerId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$interpolator: R$interpolator()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setModal_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: void setMsg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNMugThumbImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void pickColor$lambda$8(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.content.DialogInterface,int,java.lang.Integer[])
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.extra.FullScreenMediaController: FullScreenMediaController(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setTotalAmount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType getProductType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getImg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.EmptyRecyclerView: void setAdapter(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: SubMainModel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: void setMaskwidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.Long getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: cod_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data getquantity_update_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data: java.util.List getModal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: void setSelect(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getShipping()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setExtra(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getModalCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setIs_cancellable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity: void signInWithPhoneAuthCredential$lambda$4(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity,com.google.firebase.auth.PhoneAuthCredential,com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: TopRatedMovies()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getOrderStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getMall()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: java.lang.String getTime()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setRotate(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen: void generate_firabase_token_id$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen,com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout11: MaskableFrameLayout11(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: void setPinCodeData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setTransactionType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getInternational_sms_priority()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate: rotate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.PlaceOrderActivity: void onPaymentSuccess(java.lang.String,com.razorpay.PaymentData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FacebookAlbumPhotoActivity: FacebookAlbumPhotoActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setImageResource(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout7: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: void setTransactionId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout6: MaskableFrameLayout6(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setKeychain(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setDeletedAt(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason: void setReason(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response: bulk_order_dashboard_Response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getGroups()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setScrollPosition(float,float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FontModel: FontModel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$animator: R$animator()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String getStates()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: void setUserPrice(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model: void setId(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Mall_wishlist: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setDateTime(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setTransactionStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: void setShippingCharge(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: case_images_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getFrom()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout11: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: void setBulkSms(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getTransaction_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String getCase_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Multiple_StickerActivity: Multiple_StickerActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: void setOnImageCallbackListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView$OnImageCallbackListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setCourier_link(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call save_address(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer getParentId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String getNCaseImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: sticker_main_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setTotal_amount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate getDisplay()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.MaskableFrameLayout: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: void setCodMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.MallSearchActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String getComplain()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.StickerModel: StickerModel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_configurations(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: void setIs_international(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String getCodMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String getBusinessType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: void setStatusDetail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.ComplainChatActivity: ComplainChatActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setOrderTotal(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setDeleted_at(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getAppImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.EditRegDataActivity: EditRegDataActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: void setImage2(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$integer: R$integer()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setModel_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.finished_activity: void onCreate$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.finished_activity)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setCodMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker: getdefault_sticker(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity: void initView$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.MainFragment: MainFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.Integer getIs_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity: void Initviews$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: void setZoomIcon(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout4: MaskableFrameLayout4(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity: void findViews$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity,android.view.View,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getOrg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout1: MaskableFrameLayout1(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setOrder_status(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cc_avenue_transaction_status: cc_avenue_transaction_status()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail: java.lang.String getLocket_text_max_length()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout4: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: java.util.ArrayList getSubDataArrayList()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getDeliveryAddress()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getMask_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: void setSelling(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$color: R$color()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getDisplayHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String getCurrency_code()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getOffer_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$startSmsRetriver$1: java.lang.Object invoke(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.MaskableFrameLayout: MaskableFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout6: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setAvailable_stock(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.mall_category_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setPosition(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call generate_checksum(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setOrderStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getWebImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setAppImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getContactSupportTiming()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: android.graphics.Bitmap getVisibleRectangleBitmap()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setLocket_details(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setPhonecase(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getTrack_status()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: int getPanelHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String getAddress1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing_CaseEditActivity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void setHeader$lambda$10(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setInternational_sms_priority(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.Long getIsInternational()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setParentId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.Integer getPincode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNModalThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout10: MaskableFrameLayout10(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setAppImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_Editing_Activity: Tshirt_Editing_Activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Zoom_view_activity: Zoom_view_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.MaskableFrameLayout: MaskableFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String getSellerId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer getCodAvailable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: model_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_description: mall_description()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: void setSectorColor(int,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: void setThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getAppThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double getDiscountAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.y: void openContextMenu(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout12: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getContactAddress()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: void setIs_international(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Object getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: void setSuccess(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: void setMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: java.lang.Integer getWhiteMug()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setIsSelect(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getDisp_heigth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$font: R$font()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setLandmark(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: PinCodeData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getNMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.PhilImageView: PhilImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: getoffer()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.mall_detail_activity: mall_detail_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setIsApprove(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.Object getDeletedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CoffeeMugEditActivity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.WebViewActivity$RenderView$1MyJavaScriptInterface: void processHTML(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerView: YouTubePlayerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: void setWithdraw(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getInternationalVideoUrl()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: void setMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model: void setBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Integer getAvailableStock()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data getCity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getDisp_width()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setDiscountMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNMugImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNMaskThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setAwbno(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setCase_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String getDisplay_gift_charge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getItemId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout7: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: void setSellerId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setIosForcefullyUpdate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setQuantity(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Display_address_activity: Display_address_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout4: MaskableFrameLayout4(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setBulkSms(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getSize()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setOffer_new_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.Integer getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setModalName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getResponse(okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getWebThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getRegionName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout12: MaskableFrameLayout12(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CaseEditActivity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getWebImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.String getSymbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: java.lang.String getRegion_code()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: orderitem()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.Integer getCase()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setUpdated_at(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory getGeneralCategory()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getTrack_status()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: save_address_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: CaseEditActivity2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setDiscount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value: variant_value(java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing_CaseEditActivity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String getImage3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setModal_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getInternationAppImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setProductDetails(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region$get_all_configurations$1: void onFailure$lambda$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.BrushImageView: BrushImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout11: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: void setCategory_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getNOfferImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setTime(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: PhoneAlbum()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout5: MaskableFrameLayout5(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getAs()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer getCodAvailable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CaseEditActivity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setNPrintThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getCoupleTshirt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: check_stock_main_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.Integer getSelling()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: void setResponse(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setCity(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing_CaseEditActivity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: android.graphics.PointF getScrollPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getWa_india()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getDeleted_at()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.paypal_demo_response: paypal_demo_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setModelId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FontModel: java.lang.String getFont_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentMall: FragmentMall()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: void setComplain(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: void setTotalAmount(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String getPromo_code()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setOrderStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: void setSeller_price_value(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getMugImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String getUser_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: void setSymbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: void setAddress4(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setGst_charges(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setN_mug_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List getProductDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: apply_code_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getPAYMENTMODE()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CoffeeMugEditActivity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setOnMatrixChangeListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnMatrixChangedListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getTotalAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setOrderTotal(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setDiscount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity$getbackgroundimagesData$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: address_country_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setYou_save(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String getModel_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: void setId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.CustomImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setSellerId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$bool: R$bool()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getCountryCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: verify_user_main()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void addtocart$lambda$4(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.DialogHelperKt: void cancelOrderConfirmation$lambda$4(kotlin.jvm.internal.Ref$IntRef,android.content.Context,android.widget.EditText,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.OnOrderCancel,android.app.Dialog,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout9: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setMug(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.lang.Boolean getSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String getInternation_app_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String getWebImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: void setBestOffer(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setLevel(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setIsActive(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: category_bg_images()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String getShippingCharge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region: void findviews$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String getDisp_width()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region: void findviews$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getTransaction_type()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: void setImage1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.util.List getOffer()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentOrder: FragmentOrder()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.Integer getPage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer getDiscountAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: CityState()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getNThumbImage1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: void setAmount(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNewModalImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setDisplay_message(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setDiscountAmount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.CustomImageView: int getDefaultScale()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: back_StickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String getPaypal_redirect_url()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.util.List getCurrencies()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: void setPincodeMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: void setHome(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.Integer getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getInternationAppThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setPickupdate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout: MaskableFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$startSmsRetriver$1: void invoke(java.lang.Void)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getCoupon()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: chatResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleCardView: ScaleCardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: main_brand_model_data_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getOrder_status()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data getMallEnableStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Integer getModelId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setDiscount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Integer getShowTracking()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: frame_bitmap_model()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: Cart()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: void setCodeId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: void setProductId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setZoom(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1: java.util.List getValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setRESPMSG(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: void setHeight(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer getParentId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setdiscount_applied(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1: void setValue(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.Integer getMall_status_enable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: void setCartTotal(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getModel_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getWa_internatinal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setWa_india(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getToken()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ExpandIconView: int getFinalStateByFraction()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_saved_address(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call gettestcaseimages()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.SelectCompany: SelectCompany()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setHome_no(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: PhotoView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.Integer getCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: void setControlItemsHidden()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setGroups(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: java.lang.String getCoverUri()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason: void setId(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getAvailable_stock()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double getShippingCharge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: void setManufacturer(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: GeneralCategory()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: main_response_bulk()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setTrack_status(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String getUser_price_value()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing_CaseEditActivity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: void setIs_international(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setSize(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: void setCountryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Object getNewMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void pickColor$lambda$7(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout10: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.GCMIntentService: GCMIntentService()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: StickerView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Commen.GlobalData$MODE_BACKGROUND[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setMask_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getbrand_data: getbrand_data(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setNImage1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker: void setCategory_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setCoupon(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Mall_wishlist: Mall_wishlist()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.OfferActivity: OfferActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setLon(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.util.List getPromoDetail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setIs_branch(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setTotal_amount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.SelectAddressActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.Integer getis_approve()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String getMobile1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setCountry(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNNewModalThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setImage_type(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Multiplegallery.OpenGallery: OpenGallery()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getAppImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track: void setStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: void setSuccess(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNNewMaskThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason: CancelReason(int,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setCarrier(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: VectorImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity: FontActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String getTimezone()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getPhonecode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: void setPaid_amount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.CustomImageView: void setDefaultScale(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.MaskableFrameLayout: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentHome: void lambda$setUpMallData$1(android.view.View,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setImage_type(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: java.lang.Double getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setDelivery_address(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: get_Cart()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter: java.util.List getValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getTransaction_type()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setGeneralCategory(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setCustomername(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value getCart_total_value()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.fancy_mobile_cover: fancy_mobile_cover()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getCompanyId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: TouchImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Float getGst_charges()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter: AvailableFilter()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: complaindata()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void onCreate$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter: java.lang.Boolean getCheck()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setCancellation_message(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: float getGst_charges()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getRegiUpdate(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: mug_image_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setTXNID(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout10: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: java.lang.String getBrand()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written: request_response_written()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer getModelId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy: Seller_policy()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: void setResCode(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: void setCountry(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data: verify_user_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity: ChangePasswordActivity()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeThumbnailView: YouTubeThumbnailView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.deeplinks.ProductActivity: ProductActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getCurrencySymbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout9: MaskableFrameLayout9(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.Integer getCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String getSignStamp()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse: SimpleResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: response_order_initate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region$get_all_configurations$1: void onFailure$lambda$4(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: CartItem()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setCompany_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setProductPrice(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call bulk_order_status(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: void setType(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: void setTime(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout1: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String getReceiverName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setCurrentStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setImageType(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: void setSuccess(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: void setCountryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.DialogHelperKt: void showAlert$lambda$1(kotlin.jvm.internal.Ref$ObjectRef,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.OnPositive,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: void setDummy_price(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleImageView: ScaleImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: void setModel_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNNewModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.util.List getAllChilds()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getbackground_images(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon getZoomIcon()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getRegResponseLogin(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Preview_activity: Preview_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setMinZoom(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: update_quantity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: void setCompany_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: AvailableFilter()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String getModelName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ExpandIconView: void setFraction(float,boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FontModel: void setFont_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getDiscount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setScale(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setOnSingleFlingListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnSingleFlingListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setCountry_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.util.List getAllChilds()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setIs_gift(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1: ProductDetails1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setId(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setCodAvailable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity: void onClick$lambda$2(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.Integer getmodel_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String getStateCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter: void lambda$onBindViewHolder$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter$MyViewHolder,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: CouponCodeRes()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setNOfferImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout1: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout7: MaskableFrameLayout7(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: java.lang.String getDummy_price()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_Editing_Activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ScaleCardLayout: ScaleCardLayout(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String getStates()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String getSellerId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.util.List getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setSellerDetails(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: model_details_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing_CaseEditActivity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: void setORDERID(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: float getMaximumScale()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String getCancellation_message()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getSize()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getInternationAppImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call cancel_order_item(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.util.List getEnabledPaymentGateways()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: initiate_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setCurrencySymbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getQuery()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: Scan()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.ProgressDialogFragment: ProgressDialogFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setCancellationMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: Orderdetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void onCreate$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.view.View,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setCountry_code(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: mall_new_main_model()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setis_approve(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version getVersion()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setCurrentStatusCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: test_image_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Multiplegallery.Gallery: Gallery()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: Address()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.String getpromo_code()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.DialogHelperKt: void showAlert$lambda$0(kotlin.jvm.internal.Ref$ObjectRef,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.OnPositive,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setDisp_width(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setDisplayWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Object getDeletedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getis_approve()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_StickerModel: int getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: save_address_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setScale(float,boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: OrderDetails_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.frame_Dynamic_EditActivity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setWallWoodenCanvasFrame(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getOffer_new_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setItemId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: void setStateId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: java.lang.String getMsg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version: Version()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.SmsReceiver: SmsReceiver()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Display_address_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: ModelDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.SelectCompanyMobel: SelectCompanyMobel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Integer getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify: new_numberverify()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.WebViewActivity: WebViewActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout12: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setSubtotal(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: prepaid_serviceable_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout9: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Dynamic_EditActivity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setModalName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setUser_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setProductPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Custom_CaseEditActivity: Custom_CaseEditActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: float getCurrentZoom()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setPhone_length(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getNOfferNewThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: void setAddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: void setResMsg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: PhotoView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String getVideoUrl()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getTXNAMOUNT()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ExpandIconView: void setState(int,boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer getIsActive()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setDisplay_message(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double getOrderTotal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Integer getIsCancellable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: RegResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.SellerRegistration: SellerRegistration()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getProducts(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: void setamount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: back_StickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: void setSuccess(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: setting_model_main_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getPaid_amount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getLandmark()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String getOffice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity: void onClick$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.volley.VolleyController: VolleyController()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CancelReason: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setMediumScale(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: void setImage3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String getCityName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String getNPrintThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Integer getIsGift()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setProductDetails1(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.PhotoPickupImageActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getState()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: void setModelid(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: void setSortname(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.Integer getIs_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: void setStatus(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String getTransactionId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getBind()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: responseModelRequest()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.Integer getIs_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data: java.lang.String getCompany()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.Long getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer getLevel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.SvgParseException: SvgParseException(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getApp_mall_thumb_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: complain_feedback_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: response_main_username_update()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setTickets_url(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setSeller_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getOfferCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setAppThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setIsCancellable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$style: R$style()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setPincode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.PhotoPickupImageActivity: void onPanelCollapsed(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Dynamic_EditActivity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: orderdetail(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity$getMainData$1: void onResponse$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setShipping(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: void setDisplayHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call post_new_request_model(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: int getAdditional_shipping_charge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setDeliveryAddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: void setProductId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region$get_all_configurations$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setSortname(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getUser_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void pickColor$lambda$9(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNMaskThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String getNOfferImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Double getProductPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setCompanyId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.Boolean getCodServicable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String getMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setTXNDATE(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setMultiImagePhotoFrames(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setNPrintImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: requestResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CoffeeMugEditActivity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getDummy_price()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setAppThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout4: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value: Cart_total_value()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: void setQuantity(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: void setPage(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: PromoDetail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setProductType(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout5: MaskableFrameLayout5(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer getIs_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setInternationalVideoUrl(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setScan(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.SvgParseException: SvgParseException(java.lang.Throwable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getContactMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: validation_Data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: void setImg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNMugThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getTerms_condition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getDeletedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_mall_enable_status(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: void setTotalPages(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call update_quantity(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: void setCourierCompanyID(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: place_order_new_reponse_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity: PhoneAuthActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getNModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double getTotalAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String getCategory_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setVariants(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images: java.lang.String getImages()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setContactAddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: ProductImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setModal_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setInternationAppThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity: void onCreate$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call changePassword(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: void setPhotoUri(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setTimezone(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: void setPrepaidMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setCurrencies(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call logout(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CropImageActivity1: CropImageActivity1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setQty(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: customimage_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon getZoomIcon()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: void setAadharNo(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: new_getdefault_images(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Dynamic_EditActivity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long getIsActive()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.Integer getPincodeServiceable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List getMultiple_variants()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout8: MaskableFrameLayout8(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call delete_saved_address(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNNewMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setCategoryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.New_address_save_update_activity: New_address_save_update_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$anim: R$anim()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout3: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getModal_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Images_activity: Images_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.util.List getStickers()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: void setValue(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: promodetaildata()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: void setImage1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.mobile_cover_college_frame: mobile_cover_college_frame()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout2: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setNCaseThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: java.lang.Integer getMagicMug()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Multiple_StickerActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setQuantity(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: void setCOD(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.String getCodMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String getDiscountMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call verify(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: VectorImageView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: TransactionWithdrawResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNewMaskImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setBusinessType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.UserProfileFragment: UserProfileFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.HomeSubAdapter: void onBindViewHolder$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.HomeSubAdapter,int,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.Integer getIs_branch()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getZone()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout3: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getOrder_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Shipper_MainActivity: Shipper_MainActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String getDisplayHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setseller_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getModalName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.String getPrepaidMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: ExtraFields()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version: void setForcefully(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage: void setThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setGeneralCategoryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setUserId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: void setWidth(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_StickerModel: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CoffeeMugEditActivity: CoffeeMugEditActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: quantity_update_response_data()
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.w$a: w$a(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setImage3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setTotalAmount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity$getMainData$1: void onResponse$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.view.View,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setOnScaleChangeListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnScaleChangeListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: custom_data_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: getorderdetails(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: chatComplainResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setAvailable_stock(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getoffer(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setSelling(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: void setCategoryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: void setGift(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.lang.Integer getCountryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: getdata(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setCancellationMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String getBulkSms()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String getModel_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setWebThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setExpiryText(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getIndian_sms_priority()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setPincode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: java.lang.String getAlbumName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.MaskableFrameLayout: MaskableFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$array: R$array()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: complain_feedback_parameter_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setMID(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data: username_update_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmodel_data: getmodel_data(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: custom_data_case_image_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setSave_mask_bitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: void setCart_count(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String getAadhar_no()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setIsActive(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setZoom(float,float,float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setNCaseImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track: void setResponse(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getDiscount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getImg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getCountry()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.InstagramFragment: InstagramFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setMall_status_enable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String getImage2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getDiscount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setCountry(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData getPinCodeData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: void setIs_price(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: void setAllChilds(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setDisplayHeight(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.AlbumImagesActivity: AlbumImagesActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getBulkSms()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.CustomImageView: android.graphics.Bitmap getImageBitmap()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Long getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value: void setVariant_value(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.util.List getProductImages()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: void setMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getRESPMSG()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setn_modal_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getCustomername()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.test_frame_editing_activity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setImage1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setTransaction_type(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: void setEditable(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getDisplayWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Drag_recyclerview.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2$crateReq$onPostExecute$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String getAddress()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void onCreate$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory getGeneralCategory()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setItemQuantity(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setZoomable(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String getOfferCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Images_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setAvailableStock(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: float getScale()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout6: MaskableFrameLayout6(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getCountry()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setPaidAmount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: City()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String getComplain()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String getNOfferThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: void setFlag(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.Integer getIsApprove()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setVideoUrl(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data getState()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity: void onClick$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: void setSuccess(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: void setDeleteIcon(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_seller_activity: mall_seller_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setGiftCharge(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNNewMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call send_new_complain(okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.RequestBody,okhttp3.MultipartBody$Part)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: cart_address_data_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.test_frame_editing_activity: test_frame_editing_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setModalName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: setting_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FaceActivity: void onCloseFace(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate getRotate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.PhotoPickupImageActivity: void onPanelShown(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setPaidAmount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: float getMinimumScale()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: main_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout13: MaskableFrameLayout13(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String getIs_gift()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.Integer getSelling()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: ProductType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setZoomTransitionDuration(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: getofferresponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: void setcart_data(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: request_final_brand(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.OrderDetailActivity: OrderDetailActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: void setUser_price_value(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.Integer getProductId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity: void error_dialogs$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: void setCreated_at(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: policy_response_dashboard()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setCancel_reasons(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: FrameDetail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setOffer_code(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setPromoCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String getamount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: void setCartItems(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setUserId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getCompanyId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setInternational_app_mall_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setEnableDragViewTouchEvents(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setCustomizeLocket(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getCompanyId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: void setValue(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getPopsocket()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String getImage2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call check_uncheck_wishlist(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getUpdated_at()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: void setUserId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: MainModel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setBind(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setIs_cancelable(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity$sendData$2: void onResponse$lambda$1(java.lang.String,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Unit matches(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer getAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.Integer getAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region$get_all_configurations$1: void onFailure$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setIosVersion(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid: java.lang.String getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: sticker_main_category_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: otp_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_Editing_Activity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.DialogHelperKt: void offerDialog$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.OnPositive,android.app.Dialog,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String getReciever()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: java.lang.Double getcart_total()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setPREPAIDOFFER(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout1: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: java.lang.Integer getKeychainExist()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Object getDeletedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setAmount(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getTransactionStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Object getNewModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: int getSlidingTop()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: SellerData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: address_state_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: sub_category_model_details()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.PhilImageView: PhilImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getTutorialLink()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: void setPincode(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region$get_all_configurations$1: void onResponse$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setLevel(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getDiscount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getShipping()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNNewModalImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: void setPaypal_redirect_url(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen: void exitdialog$lambda$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: registration_main_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setAllowParentInterceptOnEdge(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getCarrier()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.String getPincodeMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: void setReciever(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setTransactionType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: void setCategory_id(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.y: void unregisterForContextMenu(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity: void signInWithPhoneAuthCredential$lambda$4$lambda$3(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Long getAvailableStock()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getcountry_states_city_code()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Integer getQuantity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getTrackingUrl()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter: void setValue(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getImageType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: PromoCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleConstraintLayout: ScaleConstraintLayout(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.Integer getSelling()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getAwbno()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.Integer getZoneId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call check_pincode_service(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setDummy_price(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String getSeller_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: Response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setGift_charge(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: orderidresponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getDeliveryAddress()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getCompany_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: int getSizeSectors()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setReceiverName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getCity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String getOrder_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: android.graphics.RectF getZoomedRect()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: java.lang.Integer getIs_price()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: java.lang.String getComplain()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setZoom(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getModel_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout8: MaskableFrameLayout8(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: void setAlbumPhotos(java.util.Vector)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp$Gradient: Sharp$Gradient()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getNNewModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setScale(float,float,float,boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity$crateReq$onPostExecute$1: void onResponse$lambda$0(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_StickerModel: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.StickerModel: void setDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity: Background_image_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getBanner_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: int getCoveredFadeColor()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getWebImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getvideo_url()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: registration_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String getFlag()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setQty(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.util.List getProductDetails1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.User: User()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: void setUserPriceValue(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: void setUpdated_at(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.Integer getGift()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_mall_category(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ModelListActivity: ModelListActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: void setThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getAppThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images getCategory()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.EmptyRecyclerView: EmptyRecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_filter_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setParentId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getDummy_price()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: void setReplay(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setTransactionStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.PlaceOrderActivity: void onPaymentError(int,java.lang.String,com.razorpay.PaymentData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Select_region: Select_region()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getDeliveryAddress()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.frame_Dynamic_EditActivity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.PhotoFragment: PhotoFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setContactMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: void setUser_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant getVariants()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data: java.lang.Integer getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void error_dialogs$lambda$7(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getAvailableStock()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout8: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setOfferId(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setOrder_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: void setDeleteIcon(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: java.lang.String getResMsg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.response_data: response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getseller_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_webview: testing_webview()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: void setOffice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNNewMaskImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data: void setCompany(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.util.List getSqlist1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.String getCodMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setDisplayWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout9: MaskableFrameLayout9(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setInternationAppImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getTransactionType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.Integer getPhonecode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getPincodeDetails(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductDetails1: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.OnboardingWithCenterAnimationActivity: OnboardingWithCenterAnimationActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getDiscount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2$crateReq$onPostExecute$1: void onResponse$lambda$0(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String getAddress4()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.SellerRegistration: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setTutorialLink(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: test_getdefault_images(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getTrackingLink()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void addtocart$lambda$3(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setDragView(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: void setTransactionType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getModal_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setMask_bitmap(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setProductImages(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: void setis_approve(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String getImage3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data: void setStatus(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.Long getProductId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.Double getSubtotal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity$ChangePasswordAPICall$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Feedback_activity: Feedback_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleConstraintLayout: ScaleConstraintLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getNOfferNewImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SimpleResponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity: void error_dialogs$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: java.lang.String getBestOfferDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout2: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ExpandIconView: ExpandIconView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentHome: FragmentHome()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter: void setCheck(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setOnViewTapListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnViewTapListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getModalCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setDiscount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setModelName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double getShipping()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail: void setLocket_detail_id(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData getSeller_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getUser_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getPhone_length()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeThumbnailView: YouTubeThumbnailView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getTimezone()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getTshirt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout8: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String getNPrintImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setTXNTYPE(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.FragmentRequestModelBrand: FragmentRequestModelBrand()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getGift_charge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants getVariants()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setInternationAppImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout6: MaskableFrameLayout6(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentCart: FragmentCart()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setStatus(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getIosVersion()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.AvailableFilter: void setValue(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getInternational_n_mug_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getGeneral_category_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: mallstatusresponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$id: R$id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setDisp_height(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra getExtra()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: void setId(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: void setSellerId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value: java.lang.Boolean getSelect()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.fragment.Mall_FragmentOne: Mall_FragmentOne()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNMugImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.frame_Dynamic_EditActivity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity: boolean onCreate$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity,android.widget.TextView,int,android.view.KeyEvent)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String getImage2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response: void setCanPlaceOrder(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: void setId(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setGeneralCategoryId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setDisplayHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setPopsocket(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.Integer getDisplayCodButton()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String getMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_APIService: retrofit2.Call sendLocation(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_model.ResponseDashboard)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ScaleCardLayout: ScaleCardLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.Double getLon()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double getPaidAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void error_dialogs$lambda$6(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getPincode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String getMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value: java.util.List getCartItems()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getCurrencyId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: void setZoneId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: PinCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.PlaceOrderActivity: void lambda$intiViews$0(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getModalName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CaseEditActivity: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call wishlist(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: java.lang.Double getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setBanner(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OfferCodeData: java.lang.String getAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: int getQuantity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: void setOffer(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String getDisp_height()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.Integer getCountry_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: java.lang.Integer getPlasticMug()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity: Default_image_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getTime()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String getOfferCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setState(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$State)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: void setNThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.ForgetpasswordActivity: ForgetpasswordActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity$sendData$2: void onResponse$lambda$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response: java.lang.Integer getCanPlaceOrder()
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.w$a: w$a(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: java.lang.String getLocation()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.rateandfeedback.library_feedback.DeviceInfo$Device valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setTo(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy: privacypolicy()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setProductId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setNImage3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model: new_frame_bitmap_model()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getDiscount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout9: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: void setImg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: void setBrand(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getMID()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Object getOfferId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: android.graphics.Bitmap getSave_mask_bitmap()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: void setSuccess(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: float getMediumScale()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.MyFirebaseMessagingService: MyFirebaseMessagingService()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.frame_Dynamic_EditActivity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getVideoUrl()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.HomeAdapter: void onBindViewHolder$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.HomeAdapter,int,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setModelId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setWebThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$ActionMode[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getGift()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getNNewMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FinalScreenActivity: FinalScreenActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setPosition(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setGroups(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double getDiscountAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.util.List getResult()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setGst_charges(java.lang.Float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.logout_response: logout_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: Variants()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.Integer getCodAvailable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getImage_type()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout8: MaskableFrameLayout8(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: void setData(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setDisp_width(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getPhonecase()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getbrand_data: void setBrand_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data: java.lang.Integer getOtp()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: void setIs_international(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setStatus(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setInternationAppThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Testing_multiple_image_cover: Testing_multiple_image_cover()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: void setDeleted_at(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getn_modal_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double getCodCharge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout7: MaskableFrameLayout7(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: void setStatus(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void onRequestPermissionsResult$lambda$4(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen: void exitdialog$lambda$2(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getBind()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer getLevel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List getProductImages()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setIsGift(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: void setState(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: void setPromo_code(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: void setStateId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setREFUNDAMT(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getWallWoodenCanvasFrame()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: void setCategory(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.BrushImageView: void setFirstColorSector(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout5: MaskableFrameLayout5(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String getDrsNo()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call check_address_cart(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.util.List getStates()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: place_order_new_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.MallSearchActivity: MallSearchActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setDeliveryAddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void onRequestPermissionsResult$lambda$5(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.testing: testing()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getCancellationMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getNThumbImage3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: java.lang.Integer getDisplayCodButton()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getNModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setGift_charge(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.util.List getScan()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: Txnstatusresponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getTransaction_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getImage3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer getCodAvailable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: background_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ExpandIconView: ExpandIconView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: temp_get_images(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: void setOnStickerOperationListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView$OnStickerOperationListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: java.util.List getCities()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setPaidAmount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity: VideoActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: void setAddress5(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String getSelling()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: java.lang.String getRegion_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getCompany_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$LayoutParams: VerticalSlidingPanel$LayoutParams(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: void setcart_total(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setNNewModalImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setMobile1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setAnchorPoint(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: void setCategory_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: java.lang.Boolean getPrepaidServiceable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getMug_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: void setImage3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setModalName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity: boolean Initviews$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity,android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: java.util.List getValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data: void setUserExists(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNNewMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleImageView: ScaleImageView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.request_response_written: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setOrderTotal(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: void setRegion_code(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentHomeSub: FragmentHomeSub()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout8: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double getOrderTotal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.util.List getLocket_details()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: java.lang.Boolean getSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setApp_mall_thumb_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data: java.lang.Integer getOtp()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String getDiscount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setCurrencyId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: void setDate(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setRequestModelId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: void setId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: addressResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Preview_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.EmptyRecyclerView: EmptyRecyclerView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getIsActive()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout11: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.util.List getAllChilds()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setPanelHeight(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: RegData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter: void lambda$onBindViewHolder$4(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter$MyViewHolder,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setNThumbImage3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call initiate_transaction(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Double,float,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.util.List getDisplayImages()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity: void signInWithPhoneAuthCredential$lambda$4$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity,com.google.firebase.auth.PhoneAuthCredential,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getContactEmail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setEnabledPaymentGateways(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.checkout.SelectAddressActivity: SelectAddressActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: void setCities(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setCodAvailable(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setDisplayWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setModel_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerView: void setPadding(int,int,int,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setInternational_video_url(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setWa_home(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setNPrintThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setSellerId(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: void setResult(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String getAddress5()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.Integer getModelId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long getParentId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity$crateReq$onPostExecute$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: ProductImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setCoupon(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getTermsCondition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setOffer_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setAddress1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: java.lang.Integer getStateId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setAvailableFilter(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: void setQuantity(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate getDisplay()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getWebThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.util.List getCountries()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.Integer getIs_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getMaskwidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: void setFlag(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getCurrentStatusCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String getORDERID()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setDisp_heigth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getIsp()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleCardView: ScaleCardView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getAvailableStock()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getNMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_frame_bitmap_model: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmap()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setShowTracking(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNewMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model: bulk_category_model()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: void setOnImageCommandsListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView$OnImageCommandsListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout2: MaskableFrameLayout2(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void addtocart$lambda$5(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: Responsedata()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setOnTouchListener(android.view.View$OnTouchListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: Variant()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$LayoutParams: VerticalSlidingPanel$LayoutParams()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setDate_time(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: transactionDetailResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: void setSellerPriceValue(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: VerticalSlidingPanel(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setIs_gift(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: void setDummyPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.String getWebThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setWa_internatinal(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: transactionresponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getImage1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getTo()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String getTransactionType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setCustomisable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.StickerModel: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: java.lang.String getSeller_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setContactEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout6: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getResend_sms_priority()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getImage_type()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Integer getIs_cancellable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setCodCharge(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setNetPayable(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setShipping(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setNThumbImage2(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: address_city_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNewModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: void setSellerId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Main2Activity: Main2Activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.BrushImageView: BrushImageView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setIs_international(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Integer getCart()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double getDiscountAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setCity(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter: void lambda$onBindViewHolder$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter$MyViewHolder,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setAppImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.String getThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getBanner()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.Integer getCountry_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: mall_main_category_response_click_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Testing_paypal_demo: Testing_paypal_demo()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.Object getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getNOfferThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String getUpdated_at()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: void setKeychainExist(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: void setSqlist(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String getStateName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setMugImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_getdefault_images: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Mug_images_category_activity: Mug_images_category_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout: MaskableFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: region_model_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity: void onClick$lambda$4(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.FontActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: int getCurrentParallaxOffset()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getTutorial_link_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: GeneralCategory()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.request_final_brand: java.lang.String getModelid()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setOrder_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.verify_user_main: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout6: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: void setStateName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: void setFormFactor(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setvideo_url(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String getSelling()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setModalCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Default_image_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setMugImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: void setComplain(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String getImage1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: void setStates(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout13: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: testing_model_class(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getOrderStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setWidth(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getModalName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer getTotalAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState[] values()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: android.app.Dialog getErrorDialog(android.app.Activity,int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnCancelListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setAdditional_shipping_charge(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Alarm_notification.CAlarmReceiver: CAlarmReceiver()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.fragments.FragmentAccount: FragmentAccount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.orderidresponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Integer getIsGift()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.sub_category_model_details: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.Integer getCodeId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data getcart_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getDummy_price()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: void setImg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: get_images(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.SvgParseException: SvgParseException(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double getTotalAmount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout5: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setOrder_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.Boolean getIsSelect()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: void setDeletedAt(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setDeliveryAddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: java.lang.Boolean getSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: void setSignStamp(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: AllChild()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double getShipping()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setRequestModel(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double getGiftCharge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setNCaseThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.verify_user_data: java.lang.Integer getUserExists()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String getNThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setDisplay(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleImageView: ScaleImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setOrderDetails(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response)
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeThumbnailView: YouTubeThumbnailView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getImage2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.Integer getCurrencyId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setAmount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String getCod_charge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setOnTouchImageViewListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView$OnTouchImageViewListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.New_address_save_update_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setORDERID(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setGeneralCategoryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: transactionDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNNewModalThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: void setCodMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.util.List getOrderItems()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.HomeMainActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getTotal_amount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: void setCurrencySymbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$xml: R$xml()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getCurrentStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String getNImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getGeneralCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNNewModalImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setAndroidForcefullyUpdate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setTransactionId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.Long getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: void setNOfferImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: java.lang.Double getCartTotal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setModalImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmodel_data: java.lang.String getModel_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getCustomisable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen: SplashScreen()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String getImg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy: java.lang.String getPrivacyPolicy()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getNModalThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setGATEWAYNAME(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String getResponseStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setIsActive(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: PhotoView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: void setBusinessType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setInWishlist(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void onCreate$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: void setPanelSlideListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$PanelSlideListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getNThumbImage2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String getQty()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setBanner_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.api.MovieService: retrofit2.Call getTopRatedMovies_without(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getModalCode()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerView: YouTubePlayerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: StickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_state_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: getdefault_images(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.util.ArrayList getSubDataModelDetailsArrayList()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getExpiryText()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: void setLocation(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cod_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: Datum()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: mall_seller_details()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details getSellerDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNNewMaskThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer getSellerPriceValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getInternational_app_mall_thumb_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout9: MaskableFrameLayout9(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setLat(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.mall_filter_activity: mall_filter_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNNewMaskThumbImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setNMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: mugdetail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setExpiry_text(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setDummy_price(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: void setCase(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: void setOfferCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: ShipperCategoryActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: Currency()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.check_stock_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Scan: java.lang.String getStatusDetail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setNImage2(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setSellerDetails(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_StickerModel: new_StickerModel(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getOrder_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value: void setCartTotal(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getShipping()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.customimage_response: java.lang.Boolean isEditable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.String getFormFactor()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: void setImage3(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getExpiry_text()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cc_avenue_transaction_status: void setTransactionSuccess(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.CustomImageView: CustomImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getcaseimages(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.ActionDialog: ActionDialog()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getDisplayWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: java.lang.Integer getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setDisplay(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_city_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.variant_value: void setSelect(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setFrameDetails(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: java.lang.Boolean getSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: void setUserPriceValue(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setImageType(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setCountryCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setAndroidVersion(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_main_username_update: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setTransactionId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getprivacypolicy()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.DialogHelperKt: void offerDialog$lambda$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.OnPositive,android.app.Dialog,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.Sticker: Sticker()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setTransactionStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity: void init$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity,android.media.MediaPlayer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getTXNDATE()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: void setSeller_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields getExtraFields()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setMall(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setAs(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: void setDiscountAmount(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: void setCHECKSUMHASH(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: StickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: void setAllChilds(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.complain_feedback_response: void setcomplain_feedback_parameter_response(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String getImage3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getNImage1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getDisplayHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setOnDoubleTapListener(android.view.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$ActionMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track: java.lang.String getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setPaid_amount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.Boolean getInWishlist()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getRequestModel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call cancel_order(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setState(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout11: MaskableFrameLayout11(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setCodAvailable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.PhotoPickupImageActivity: PhotoPickupImageActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice getUserPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setZoom(float,float,float,android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setMugImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerFragment: YouTubePlayerFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNModalImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Custom_CaseEditActivity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String getPromoCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setIs_international(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.ab: ab()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setCod_charge(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setShipping(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_response: java.lang.String getFlag()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleCardView: ScaleCardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: email_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter: void lambda$onBindViewHolder$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter$MyViewHolder,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call gettransaction(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R: R()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.BitmapStickerIcon getDeleteIcon()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setPAYMENTMODE(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setAppThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.activate.gcm.GCMIntentService: GCMIntentService()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: void setId(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: void setMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CaseEditActivity: CaseEditActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setRegionName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setScaleLevels(float,float,float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_new_main_model: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: java.lang.Integer getParentId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.OrderDetailActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setOrderItems(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: void setLocked(boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setCancel_msg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout3: MaskableFrameLayout3(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.test_image_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: cart_address_check_model()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.widget.ScaleConstraintLayout: ScaleConstraintLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setCoupleTshirt(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: java.lang.String getCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.y: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails getSellerDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setmProductDetails1(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: void setCategoryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: void setCityName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: java.lang.Integer getModelId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: java.lang.Integer getCart_count()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data getCountry()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.Integer getStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setIs_international(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setTermsCondition(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout13: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setInternation_app_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.DialogHelperKt: void cancelOrderConfirmation$lambda$5(android.app.Dialog,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.activity.Mug_MainActivity: Mug_MainActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setShipping(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getBANKTXNID()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getDelivery_address()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: java.util.Vector getAlbumPhotos()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: getpromodata(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setCountry(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout2: MaskableFrameLayout2(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_final_status(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: void setImage2(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getTransactionStatusCheckedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setCountries(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setCompanyId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getCountry_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setUser_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: void setCart_total_value(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getPaid_amount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getTransactionId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: getmugModeldata(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setCodAvailable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy: void findviews$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_policy,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data: void setOtp(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.apply_code_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setCurrencyId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.String getSortname()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: void setSellerPriceValue(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.background_response_data: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.Integer getCurrencyId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Currency: void setCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult[] values()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponCodeRes: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData getCouponData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter: filter(java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getGroups()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void onRequestPermissionsResult$lambda$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Country_state_city_code_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getSTATUS()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data getcart_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: java.lang.String getSortname()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String getBusinessType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.SellerWalletActivity: SellerWalletActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Custom_CaseEditActivity: Custom_CaseEditActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter: void lambda$onBindViewHolder$3(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.ModelAdapter$MyViewHolder,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_json: testing_json()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen: void onOSPermissionChanged(com.onesignal.OSPermissionStateChanges)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mug_image_response: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: android.graphics.Bitmap getOriginal_bitmap()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getMultiImagePhotoFrames()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.IPhotoView getIPhotoViewImplementation()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.frame_Dynamic_EditActivity: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: cart_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Notification.Notification_model.notification_main_response: notification_main_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCode: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setPromoDetail(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: void setBestOfferDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP: void startSmsRetriver$lambda$4(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$SmsCallback,java.lang.Exception)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address convertToAdddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getTXNID()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: java.lang.Boolean getSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: void setSelling(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.util.List getmProductDetails1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: void setCurrency_symbol(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setRecipient(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call forget_verify(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: void setSubDataArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.StatusActivity: StatusActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getOffer_code()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: ProductDetail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setAvailableStock(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setExtraFields(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.adapter.Usefull_Adapter.FontAdapter: void onBindViewHolder$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.adapter.Usefull_Adapter.FontAdapter,int,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.sipper.ShipperCategoryActivity: void onRequestPermissionsResult$lambda$2(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getShipping()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.String getEmail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.String getYou_save()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout7: MaskableFrameLayout7(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getCancel_msg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.String getZip()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen: void initData$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.SplashScreen,com.facebook.applinks.AppLinkData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: PhonePhoto()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setStatus(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: void setUpdatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNMugImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String getNCaseThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setGift_charge(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.util.List getDisplayImages()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getAndroidForcefullyUpdate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setVariants(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.otp_response_data: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.otp_data getotp_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: java.util.List getData()
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.y: void registerForContextMenu(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setTimezone(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.FragmentPhoneCover: FragmentPhoneCover()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CoffeeMugEditActivity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: void setTshirt(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Responsedata: void setSeller_data(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.AlbumImagesActivity: void setToolbar$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.AlbumImagesActivity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$string: R$string()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.new_numberverify: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getWa_home()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getTransactionId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout10: void setMask(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: void setShippingCharge(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.ApproveOTPFragment: ApproveOTPFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setSubtotal(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setRotationTo(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: java.lang.String getImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: Response_track()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: void setSqlist1(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: get_final_status_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setPosition(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: java.lang.Long getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setModalName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNNewModalThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getInternationAppThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Integer getImageType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setGiftCharge(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity$getMainData$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: void setImage1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setCart(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: java.lang.Integer getStickerCatid()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: java.util.List getOffer()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity: void initView$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.activity.ChangePasswordActivity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String getImage1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: void setNImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Integer getGeneral_category_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getIs_cancelable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setTransactionId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodetail: java.lang.String getSeller_price_value()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout2: MaskableFrameLayout2(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String getTransactionId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setAllChilds(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: java.lang.String getThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getCountry_code()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: void setModelId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.Integer getQuantity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate: java.lang.Integer getRotate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String getReplay()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity: void onClick$lambda$3(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.TransactionWithdrawResponse: java.lang.Integer getWithdraw()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setn_mask_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getModalName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String getAadharNo()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.ImageData: ImageData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String getCategory_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Country_state_city_code_response: Country_state_city_code_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNewModalImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity$bulk_order$1: void onFailure$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getTransactionStatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: void setTransactionType(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setStreet(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setWebImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getAppImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNModalImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getGATEWAYNAME()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String getDateTime()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.getoffer: void setOfferImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.Default_testing_image_activity: Default_testing_image_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String getCreated_at()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout5: void setMask(int)
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.n: n(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity$sendData$2: void onResponse$lambda$2(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout7: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNModalThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setWebImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Phone_ModelActivity: Phone_ModelActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.EmptyRecyclerView: void setEmptyView(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setAlternateMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getStreet()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: void setPrivacyPolicy(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.HomeMainActivity: HomeMainActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setModalCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.filter: java.lang.String getValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.finished_activity: finished_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: void setAddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: void setCategory_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getIs_gift()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getDisplayHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNewMaskImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setUsdPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: SellerOrder()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.Double getNetPayable()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getPREPAIDOFFER()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout4: MaskableFrameLayout4(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: Extra()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setCountry_id(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: java.lang.String getTotal_amount()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: OfferMain()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Integer getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Testing.testing_case_image_activity: testing_case_image_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_Editing_Activity: void openFont(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: java.lang.String getPrivacyPolicy()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.username_update_response_data: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.privacypolicy: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: void setCategory_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_response_bulk: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage: java.lang.String getThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setGeneralCategoryId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.case_images_data: java.lang.String getImage1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setGeneral_category_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.api.MovieService: retrofit2.Call getTopRatedMovies(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.recycleview.SpaceItemDecoration: SpaceItemDecoration(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.BrushImageView: int getCurrentColor()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.SellerDetails: SellerDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: void setStatus(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setNModalImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complaindata: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.String getCurrencySymbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.String getMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String getGift_charge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.promodetaildata: void setModelId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String getQty()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setSize(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.RegistrationActivity: RegistrationActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.String getThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest: moneyrequest()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setAvailableStock(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: void setPhoneNo(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubMainModel: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getRESPCODE()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: void setOrderId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void pickColor(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getofferresponse: void setOffer(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity$sendData$2: void onFailure$lambda$4(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getGift_charge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: int getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$plurals: R$plurals()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity: void init$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setRotationBy(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: MultipleVariant()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: java.lang.String getDateTime()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail: java.lang.Integer getLocket_detail_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setMug_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String getModelId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setWidth(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity: void setHeader$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.FrameDetail: java.lang.String getDisplayWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call applyCouponCode_new(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity$getMainData$1: void onResponse$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel: order_cancel()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String getNCaseThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setDiscount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getDummyPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setDisplayCodButton(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: void setDrsNo(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getAvailableStock()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.MainModel: java.lang.String getShippingCharge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductType: java.lang.Integer getMug()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmodel_data: void setModel_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.auth.PhoneAuthActivity$sendData$2: void onResponse$lambda$0(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getbrand_data: java.lang.String getBrand_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: void setStates(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: boolean isUserRecoverableError()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Un_Usefull_Old.CaseEditActivity2: void addtocart(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.policy_response_dashboard: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setNModalThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getNImage2()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: java.lang.Integer getStateId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setDescription(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.HomeMallAdapter: void onBindViewHolder$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.adapter.HomeMallAdapter,int,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: void setMaxZoom(float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: back_StickerView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setIndian_sms_priority(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CartItem: java.lang.String getModelName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: Country()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Chat.models.ChatMessage$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setStatus(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.mainapplication: void lambda$onCreate$0(com.onesignal.OSNotificationOpenedResult)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.utilities.THUMB_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getDisplayWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getCompany_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setOfferCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.lang.String getInternational_video_url()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.get_final_status_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.phonecase.CoverStyle: CoverStyle()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: java.lang.String getMask_bitmap()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Seller_transaction_activity: Seller_transaction_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setNOfferNewImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getOrder_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: mug_image_response_data(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: java.lang.Double getLat()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setOrg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setIsCancellable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.custom_data_case_image_response: java.lang.String getImage1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setParentId(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity: void init$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.VideoActivity,android.media.MediaPlayer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Dynamic_EditActivity: Dynamic_EditActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getTickets_url()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setZip(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoDetail: java.lang.Integer getSellerPriceValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String getCategory_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.Double getOrderTotal()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getModal_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Cart_total_value: void setCartItems(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity$getbackgroundimagesData$1: void onFailure$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Background_image_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getMask_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.States: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setIn_wishlist(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.util.List getAvailableFilter()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Variants: java.lang.Long getQuantity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$mipmap: R$mipmap()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String getPincode()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeBaseActivity: YouTubeBaseActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.background_response: void setSuccess(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.OfferMain: void setNOfferThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: void setModalImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setCompany_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.registration_main_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout1: MaskableFrameLayout1(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.promo: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.Integer getIs_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track: ResponseDashboard_track()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getCity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: java.lang.String getMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: Getstatus()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: void setStickerCatid(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setNNewMaskThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerView: YouTubePlayerView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Contactus_activity: void findviews$lambda$0(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Contactus_activity,android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: void setImage1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: TxnstatusresponseData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: java.lang.Boolean getIn_wishlist()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_seller_details: void setEmail(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call postrequest(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity$crateReq$onPostExecute$1: void onFailure$lambda$2(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: java.lang.String getDate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.mall_category_activity: mall_category_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setTransaction_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setBANKTXNID(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setAppThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.complaints.Complain_ticket_system: Complain_ticket_system()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: TouchImageView(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setMobile(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: void setAlbumName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Multiplegallery.Fragments.OneFragment: OneFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: void setId(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Extra: java.lang.String getBestOffer()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setCategoryId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNNewModalImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setMask_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: java.lang.String getNImage3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AvailableFilter: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: getorderresponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: void setAadharNo(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_order_dashboard_Response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setGeneralCategory(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity: jewellery_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: custom_case_image_response()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setInternational_app_mall_thumb_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.MaskableFrameLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Contactus_activity: Contactus_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: java.lang.String getCompany_name()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getUsdPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.Integer getGeneralCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.order_cancel: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout13: MaskableFrameLayout13(android.content.Context)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: void setDiscountAmount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.transactionresponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Getstatus: java.lang.Integer getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.String getCoupon()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getorderresponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: java.lang.String getModel_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.sharp.Sharp: Sharp()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setOnPhotoTapListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnPhotoTapListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.ProductImage: void setCreatedAt(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.BrushImageView: int getFirsSectorColor()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel$SlideState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout5: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.Integer getCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout12: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.chatResponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerData: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: java.lang.String getDisplay_message()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setAvailableStock(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.prepaid_serviceable_data: void setPrepaidServiceable(java.lang.Boolean)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.newoffers.OffersActivity: OffersActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.main_brand_model_data_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: java.lang.String getHome_no()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images: void setImages(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gcm.GCMBroadcastReceiver: GCMBroadcastReceiver()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.update_quantity: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setPosition(java.lang.Long)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setApp_mall_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.numberverify: numberverify()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableMask()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: java.lang.String getPickupdate()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.brand_response_data: brand_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: java.lang.String getCurrency_symbol()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: float getMaxZoom()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Country: java.lang.Integer getIs_branch()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_data: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setCreated_at(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: void setDescription(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.R$raw: R$raw()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: java.lang.String getWa_saudi()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: void setImage(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: boolean isSelect()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: void setUserId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PinCodeData: java.lang.String getCourierCompanyID()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: java.lang.String getAlternateMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.setting_model_main_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.address_country_data: void setPhonecode(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.Result: void setNThumbImage1(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: java.lang.String getResponseCode()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setPrice(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.custom_case_image_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: void setModelName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity: void error_dialogs$lambda$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setSellerOrder(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.Long getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.Double getCodCharge()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: void setSelling(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: void setTransactionId(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.youtube.player.internal.q: q(android.os.RemoteException)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Country: java.lang.String getSortname()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.addressResponse: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Response: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: android.graphics.Matrix getImageMatrix()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setRegion(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker: java.lang.String getCategory_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String getProductPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setTrack_status(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setDisplayImages(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.OrderDetails_response: java.lang.String getdiscount_applied()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.Integer getQuantity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.registration_response_data: void setCountry_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP: void startSmsRetriver$lambda$3(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1,java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setInternational_n_mug_image(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.responseModelRequest: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: void setPincodeServiceable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhonePhoto: java.lang.String getPhotoUri()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: void setOnStickerOperationListener(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView$OnStickerOperationListener)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_Cart: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getcomplainresponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call get_new_MainCatagaries(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout2: void setMask(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setTerms_condition(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String getCategory_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: java.lang.String getTransactionType()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.VectorImageView$OnImageCommandsListener getOnImageCommandsListener()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: java.lang.String getCourier_link()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: void setResponseMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubData: void setSubDataModelDetailsArrayList(java.util.ArrayList)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.rotate: void setRotate(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.temp_get_images: java.lang.String getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.get_images: java.lang.String getImage3()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: java.util.List getResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: java.util.List getFrameDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setParentId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ExtraFields: java.lang.String getPhoneNo()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.PromoCode: java.lang.Integer getUserId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getORDERID()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.save_address_response: java.lang.Boolean getSuccess()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getUpdatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: void setAadhar_no(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setMultiple_variants(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetails: void setModelId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mallstatusresponse: void setMallEnableStatus(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity: bulk_order_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: java.lang.String getYouSave()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.Object getNMugThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: java.lang.String getMobile()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getNMaskThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.TouchImageView: float getMinZoom()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.save_address_response_data: void setAddress(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout13: MaskableFrameLayout13(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Version: java.lang.Integer getForcefully()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: void setMagicMug(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getAvailable_stock()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: void setmodel_id(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.model_details_data: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.postcomplain: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.moneyrequest: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: java.lang.String getMobile_1()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.StickerActivity: StickerActivity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Cart: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.frame_bitmap_model: void setOriginal_bitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdata: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pagination.model.TopRatedMovies: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getNMaskThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: java.lang.Boolean getSelect()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setModalName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: SubDataModelDetails()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.bulk_category_model: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setWa_saudi(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CityState: void setIsp(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.region_model_data: void setRegion_name(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.extra.FullScreenMediaController: void setAnchorView(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.EmptyRecyclerView: EmptyRecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setDiscountAmount(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_Editing_Activity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdetails: void setOrder_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: void setDummy_price(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.place_order_new_response: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: void setModelName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: java.lang.Double getSub_total()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.GeneralCategory: void setWidth(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.complain_feedback_parameter_response: void setMessage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.SellerWalletActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getGeneralCategoryId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.orderitem: java.lang.String getNPrintImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setGeneral_category_id(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setCodCharge(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: java.lang.String getCategory_id()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail: void setLocket_text_max_length(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData: void setCountry_id(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.AllChild: void setAllChilds(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setDiscount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.background_rv_images: background_rv_images(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatQuestion: chatQuestion()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker: void setImg(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Txnstatusresponse: java.lang.String getResponseMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.final_status_response_data: final_status_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setType(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getAppThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.test_image_response_data: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setShipping(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.new_main_model: java.util.List getAllChilds()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Sticker: Sticker()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setType(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductDetail: java.lang.String getValue()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getorderdata: getorderdata(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.testing_model_class: java.lang.String getModalName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$startSmsRetriver$1: AutoDetectOTP$startSmsRetriver$1(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.autodetectionotp.AutoDetectOTP$SmsCallback)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: void setBANKNAME(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Variant: void setId(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.mall.mall_detail_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.addressListResponse: java.lang.String getHome()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.chatComplainResponse: void setDate(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.check_stock_main_response_data: check_stock_main_response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.String getModelName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.transactionDetailResponse: java.lang.String getOrderId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track: void setFrom(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.response_order_initate: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Orderdetails: void setIsGift(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.place_order_new_reponse_data: java.lang.Integer getPosition()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity$bulk_order$1: void onResponse$lambda$0(android.app.AlertDialog,com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.bulk_order_activity,android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.lang.Integer getIs_international()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_sticker: java.lang.String getImg()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: java.lang.String getHeight()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.sticker_main_response: void setData(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.CouponData: void setCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.City: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setCodAvailable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.ScaleCardLayout: ScaleCardLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getCreated_at()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getMaskImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CaseEditActivity: void openSticker(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Track_web_view_activity: Track_web_view_activity()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard: java.lang.String getCHECKSUMHASH()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.TxnstatusresponseData: java.lang.String getREFUNDAMT()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.PhoneAlbum: void setCoverUri(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: void setCompany_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.back_StickerView: void setControlItemsHidden()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setDisplayHeight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.model_response_data: java.lang.String getManufacturer()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.quantity_update_response_data: void setSub_total(java.lang.Double)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.SellerOrder: java.lang.String getCancellationMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.get_cart_data: get_cart_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.StickerView.StickerView: void setStickers(float,float)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.Address: void setCity(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.CoffeeMugEditActivity: void openGallery(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.validation_Data: void setCodAvailable(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Tshirt_category_activity: Tshirt_category_activity()
com.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubeInitializationResult: android.app.Dialog getErrorDialog(android.app.Activity,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.view.VerticalSlidingPanel: VerticalSlidingPanel(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.setting_response_data: void setContactSupportTiming(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.mall_main_category_response_click_data: java.util.List getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.dataorderid: dataorderid()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mug_image_response_data: void setImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.MultipleVariant: void setQuantity(int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mall_main_sub_data: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getmugModeldata: java.lang.String getModalName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegResponse: void setData(com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.RegData)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: java.lang.String getWidth()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.UserPrice: void setPlasticMug(java.lang.Integer)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout1: MaskableFrameLayout1(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: java.lang.String getCreatedAt()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.mugdetail: void setDeletedAt(java.lang.Object)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ProductImage: java.lang.Integer getProductId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.transaction: void setModel_id(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.email_response_data getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.LocketDetail: LocketDetail()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.requestResponse: java.lang.String getPrice()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response: void setCurrency_code(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.Contactus_activity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.initiate_response_data: java.lang.String getMessage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.cart_address_check_model: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.cart_address_data_response getData()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.sticker_main_category_data: void setStickers(java.util.List)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.category_bg_images: java.lang.Integer getId()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.ModelDetails: void setMaskImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: java.lang.String getDescription()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: java.lang.String getApp_mall_image()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.getmugresponse: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.testing_modules.dimension_kajal_maulik.widgets.MaskableFrameLayout12: MaskableFrameLayout12(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getdefault_images: java.lang.String getName()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.email_response: void setResponseCode(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.GeneralCategory: java.lang.String getWebThumbImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.Offer: void setNOfferNewThumbImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.SubDataModelDetails: void setShipping(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Paymentintegration.CityBankFragment: CityBankFragment()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.DisplayImage: DisplayImage()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.getpromodata: void setId(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.customView.photoview.PhotoView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.orderdetail: void setPaid_amount(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.aaNewUpdate.apiclient.APIService: retrofit2.Call getotp(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.variant.Datum: void setYouSave(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.other.response_data: response_data()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.test_getdefault_images: void setMaskheight(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.model.mall_AllChild: void setWebImage(java.lang.String)
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.ResponseDashboard_track: com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.Pojoclasses.response.Response_track getResponse()
com.mobile.cover.photo.editor.back.maker.activity.Usefull.jewellery_activity: void onClick$lambda$1(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
